Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. Well after the first interview that you. Well interview is not really the right word to use but the first meeting that we had. And you went back and obviously spoke to the social worker because you'd still got a choice about it then and obviously you chose to come here and give it a go. I mean what I mean Angela was acutely aware of that it must be extremely difficult you know to move away from everything that you knew up to that date in your life really. Your family and it was your mother And to move away and coming to a different environment, a different location and another family really. We sort of tried really to put you at ease to make you feel at home to the best of our ability you know, but that road had its ups and downs with it and you can't do that overnight because it is, well I felt it was sort of difficult to sort of adjust to a different family a different location. So really we sort of started to go down that road towards making you as you know as comfortable and as happy as possible. I mean it wasn't always easy because you know you were leaving your mom and you've got a strong relationship with your mom. endofmessage Well, didn't. Well you know your mom had got to a point that she couldn't cope anymore and what happened was, I mean because mom became part of the family as well didn't she. endofmessage Yeah. You know I mean your mom used to come here and I think that that was everybody didn't look on it as you. endofmessage Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. Mm hmm. Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. endofmessage And she she came in and she got on really well with Angela. I mean she got on with you as well I mean when we went for contact it wasn't just like "there you go the kids" or "there's the budget" or whatever it was like "how is everything going" "how are things with you?" - it was a conversation it wasn't just like two people just given the kids over giving whatever over, it was like a little conversation and it was just like dropping us off to see a family member it was like dropping us off to go see a nan or something. Well really it was my mum, but other than that it was just so easy. I mean I feel that she didn't desert you in any way shape or form. I mean I think that she did what she felt was best for you at that time which must have been very very difficult for her very difficult and she sort of worked with us as an extended family group and kept contact with you both, you and your sister and she sort of gave permission really for you to attach to us. She didn't make it difficult for us and that helped us to no end. And it's it's helped you as well I think. endofmessage It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". I think it was the best decision she could have made for you and I think in a sense whats happened now is that as you've got older she's still your family, she's still your mother. You only get one mother in this life and you've still got contact with her, you still go back to visit her. That that is a good thing. Absolutely beyond a shadow of a doubt. That is a good thing because you've you've got us as family but you've also got your mum as family - your birth mother. And like I say in truth you only get one. endofmessage Hey dad, let's talk about your childhood, I’ve always been curious You know I was never as good of a kid as you endofmessage I know, you’ve always mentioned I think it was different growing up in a smaller city endofmessage Probably, growing up in London is a bit of a weird one In what way? endofmessage I don’t know, you sort of get used to having so many things and people around you That makes sense, honestly I was always just looking for something to pass the time endofmessage Like what? Well there was bicycle that I wanted more than anything when I was a kid endofmessage What? I remember this story vaguely! What happened was I got this science kit of my birthday endofmessage The crappy ones you can buy in a toy shop? Yes! But what I did was I collected the same chemical over and over again from different pharmacies to get enough to make the explosion enormous endofmessage And you blew the roof off of your house? well, a hole yes - but my parents were so poor, we lived with a hole in our roof for months endofmessage what did your parents say? they were both so angry, but my parents had a lot of love for me I think, so it was fine in the end endofmessage was this in winter? thankfully not, it did get quite cold though at times you know I do think back to those times very fondly however, they were good times. Life was more simple, but maybe that’s just how it is as a kid no? endofmessage yep, I remember everything being so much easier. Remember when I used to wake up and watch cartoons on a saturday and you used to make pancakes? those were so good! endofmessage I remember the smell the most, and the feeling of the warm sun coming through the windows remember all the plants we used to have? endofmessage of course! it was always important for me to have you grow up around plants endofmessage really? Why? I’m not entirely sure, maybe because I had that when I was younger? you know it was always a struggle for me to accept that you were growing up in a big city like London, with so much at your disposal, including a middle class family like, I had nothing, and you had everything handed to you. I feel as though it was such an integral part of my education to have to fend for myself endofmessage yes I know, but honestly I feel as though you just assumed I had to learn that stuff at way too young of an age what do you mean? endofmessage well it’s just I remember when you used to force me to go out and get stuff from the shops when it was dark, or getting something from your motorbike when I was really young. It was scary. Yeah I know, probably not the best move endofmessage Like I know that you wanted me to be more ‘streetwise’ but honestly I was like ten years old, I’m sure it would have come more naturally. I know, I’m sorry  I do think about these things a lot. I really just didn’t know sometimes endofmessage it’s ok, honestly I’m really way over it now I’m glad endofmessage what was your father like to you? I loved him so much, it was so difficult when I was growing up as I said, we have nothing. My dad tried and tried to make our life better but it was difficult sometimes. endofmessage In what sense? Well, we never really got the holidays you get now, the food, etc  endofmessage Yes, but having all this doesn’t make me love you more or less? Surely it would be the same with you and your dad? Oh yes, completely. I think I even loved him more, or love him more now because I understand the effort he put into making our life better. endofmessage He was a communist wasn’t he? Yes, and I was part of the communist party for a while too, we all grew up as a very socialist family, giving everything we had, even if we needed it. endofmessage why? to be honest, you know how caring and giving I am to others, honestly I’m too trustworthy a lot of the time, but I’m sort of on your grandma’s side for this one. There was this one incident  endofmessage an incident? Yeah, so basically grandpa brought this homeless guy home to sleep in our house. Now bare in mind that we basically didn’t even have space for your uncle and I endofmessage Yeah anyways so we wake up and this guy is gone. Nothing unusual, he’s spent the night and that’s that right? endofmessage Yep Well, we go into the bathroom and the guy literally smeared shit all over the walls. Poor grandpa had to clean it all up  endofmessage Oh man  yeah that’s rough, I’m not sure I would have had the courage to clean that up Trust me, with the wrath of your grandma, he had to have the courage endofmessage it’s sad, you know I never really knew grandpa, but yet I still sort of miss him quite a bit, from time to time well, he was there when you were younger and my god did he love you and your sister endofmessage I know, I remember a few things. Like what? endofmessage well, I have really clear memories of Chateau Lignan, where we used to go on holiday sometimes in the south of France Oh yeah, those were some really good holidays endofmessage anyways he would come and visit us sometimes, and bring Lola and I presents and I remember being this snotty stupid kid and never appreciating his gifts What do you mean? endofmessage Well, I mean I would smile and say thank you and be all nice, but inside I would just really remember thinking that they were shit gifts. Like colouring books and pencils etc Yes, but he was always so out of touch with you guys and literally had no money to spend on you endofmessage I know! I know, honestly I have cried about this now. I see how beautiful of a gesture it was now and how amazing of a man he was. He really was  endofmessage I now wear the gold chain that he gifted me once Wait he gifted you a gold chain? endofmessage yeah! Lucas, do you realise that he probably spent all of what he had for a month on that? endofmessage I do, you have no idea, this is the kind of stuff that makes me wish I had had more time to get to know him Yes, I mean that’s my fault too endofmessage Anyways, so he gifted me this thin gold chain with a guitar pendant on it and I recently found it again about a year ago and I never take it off! No way, yeah I remember seeing that around your neck and taking the piss because you look like a gangster endofmessage Well it’s grandpas! I took off the guitar pendant and it never comes off of my neck That’s really sweet, I bet that he would be so happy to hear that endofmessage I hope, honestly I regret a lot of things when it comes to him. Do you remember when Lola and I bought him his new dog? endofmessage Oh yes! Well I wasn’t there but I certainly remember the story. He cried didn’t he? Yes, I mean he was always quite an emotional man, I really respected that in him endofmessage Yeah, I think the older I get, the more I respect people that can tap into their emotions I think we’re both getting better at that endofmessage Do what? You know what I’m talking— endofmessage In a minute, okay? No, son. Now. Please. endofmessage Why does it have to be this moment? Because I  endofmessage Nope. You can’t! Remember? Wait What? Remember what? endofmessage Probably like ten years ago. I remember! You sat me down one night. I was probably like seven or ten or something. That math tutor sure was worth it. endofmessage You said, “Ahem, well, uh listen son. I want to do things differently If you ever hear me begin to say ‘Because I said so’ you gotta just slap me and remind me how much I hated hearing it growing up.” That voice that was supposed to be what I sound like? endofmessage Seriously though. I am serious. I need you to do it now. Soon. Your mother will be here any time. endofmessage And that’s my problem because C’mon, man. I can’t do this right now. You’re almost a grown man. It’s time to start taking  endofmessage Care of myself. Yeah. I get it. You and Mom are ready for me to be out. Well, you’ve already finished one year of coll– endofmessage Save it, Dad! I know! Whoa! What’s with that shit? endofmessage I’ll do it! I mean Jesus! Why does it matter so much? It just does. I guess you’ll  endofmessage Oh shit lemme guess. understand better when I’m a father? I, uh.wasn’t going to say that. endofmessage Right. Okay, fine. Just please do it. Like I said, she’ll be here soon. endofmessage Have you always been afraid of her? What did you just say? endofmessage I said, ‘Have you always been afraid of her?’ What the fuck, man? endofmessage Touch a nerve? I’m about to  endofmessage Hey! College is changing you, son. In ways I didn’t expect. endofmessage Wait. Come back. Dad! What. endofmessage I’ m sorry. That was out of line, I guess. Oh, you guess? endofmessage It was. I’m sorry. I’m sorry too. endofmessage What do you have to be sorry fo?. I deserved it. No. You really didn’t. Not now. Defnitely not when you were younger. endofmessage I’d actually disagree. It made me who I am. But you gotta understand, son. It’s not something dads want at the top of their parenting resume. endofmessage What’s the big deal? You spanked your kids when they acted up. Who doesn’t do that? Well, your mother for one. endofmessage I meant dads. Well mine didn’t. endofmessage But he wasn’t in your life. Uh-huh. endofmessage Okay. Here’s my thing. I mean, kids are going to test you. Shit, Dad. I just did not two seconds ago. At least when they’re a certain age, you gotta set ‘em straight, right? Can I sit on that thing? endofmessage What, the bookshelf? No. That? endofmessage Oh. Sure. Lemme just .here ya go. Thanks. Huh. More comfy than I woulda imagined. endofmessage We got it worn in this past year, my roommate and I. I’d say so. Wait. endofmessage What? For God’s sake I took them a couple nights ago right before I went to sleep. They must be next to my bed. endofmessage Um I’ll get a chair. endofmessage Sorry, Dad. It’s fine. Glad I asked, at least. endofmessage Why don’t we just go get some coffee. That’d be nice except you didn’t do what I came in here for in the first place. endofmessage Shit. Okay. I’m willing to do it. That’s remarkable. endofmessage Okay, okay. I get it. Do you? endofmessage Ha! Not really. But I feel guilty now. You know your back, or whatever. Just don’t be in a rush to get older, son. endofmessage You kiddin’? I’m never gettin’ old. Don’t let your mother hear you say that. endofmessage Ugh she takes everything I say the wrong way. son she’s a mother. She just cares. endofmessage I know, Dad. I know. But I’ll bet she only tells you part of the story. Are you suggesting that your mother would not be completely open with me? endofmessage What? What’s that mean? I was just being a dick. endofmessage Ha! Okay. endofmessage Being happy? You know what I mean. endofmessage Okay .Dad! Don’t!! Why’d that happen? endofmessage I forgot those were there. You couldn’t even finish it? endofmessage Shit. I forgot I put it down last night. Now we’re both in it. She’s going to get here any second and we’ll be sopping up warm beer off that new carpet. endofmessage Shit. Dammit! It was one of the imports too! endofmessage Yeah. Lemme get some cleaning stuff. Didn’t know you liked those fancy beers. I splurge from time to time. Didn’t know you thought it was okay to drink in this house. You forget you’re only nineteen? endofmessage No. That’s impossible. Well, now we’re both in it. The room’s not clean. There’s beer on that new carpet. She’s going to be triple-pissed. So much for a fun weekend. endofmessage Dad! Relax! Shut up! endofmessage What’s wrong? Oh, no!! endofmessage Is it your back? Yeah, son! I’m a grown man crouched on the fucking floor! endofmessage What can I do? Oh my god! Goddammit! endofmessage I mean, don’t let it tense up! Here sort of fall into this beanbag. But you  endofmessage Just do it, Dad! I don’t want to think about what’s rubbed up against this fucking thing! endofmessage Then don’t! She’d better have been worth it is all I’m saying. This is torture. endofmessage Do you have any pills or anything you need? In my I mean wait. Lemme think. I uh.put them  endofmessage Dad! Think! Where were you the last time you took them? Yelling at me isn’t going to speed up my memory! endofmessage Okay! I’m sorry! I’ve just never seen you Nightstand. endofmessage Okay. Just breathe I’m not having a baby, son. endofmessage I mean relax. I’ll be right back. Check around the floor if they aren’t on there! endofmessage Dad? Did you find them? endofmessage Sort of. What? Jesus. Either you did or you didn’t. endofmessage Well, you were right. They were next to your bed. Gimme two. And some water from your bathroom will be fine. endofmessage The bottle’s empty. What?! endofmessage All I found was the empty bottle. How can that be? I just filled it .lemme see when did we go  endofmessage It says a refill is allowed but with doctor’s approval. Shit. It’s Saturday. endofmessage So it can’t be filled until Monday? Fuck it. I’ll just lay here face down in .ugh whatever’s been on this beanbag until Monday. endofmessage Wait! I hear Mom. We’re both fucked now. endofmessage What does that mean? I was kidding. Go get the door for her. endofmessage I'm OK Did you hear from Law School? endofmessage Yes. I called you, remember? Yes. Congratulations. You'll be on the Supreme Court. endofmessage I may just chase ambulances. Fine. How's Raymond? endofmessage He's fine. Got into OCS. Army? That's good. endofmessage That's bad. You haven't mentioned Jennifer. endofmessage What is there to say? But what did you think? endofmessage She's absolutely charming. With her background, to get to Radcliffe is. endofmessage Get to the point! - It doesn't concern her, but you. Your rebellion. And you are rebelling. endofmessage I fail. I fail to see how marrying a brilliant Radcliffe girl constitutes rebellion. endofmessage She's not some crazy hippie. She's not many things. endofmessage What irks you most, that she's Catholic or poor? What attracts you most? endofmessage I'm leaving. Don't go off half-cocked. I would only ask that you wait a bit. endofmessage Define "bit". Finish Law School. If it's real, it'll stand the test of time. endofmessage It is real, but why should I put it through a test? I'm asking you. endofmessage You're commanding me! If you marry her now, I'll not give you the time of day. endofmessage Yes I know  You’ve always said this to me, I’m really glad as it’s saving me money but I don’t think I’ll ever really get into cycling as a sport that I want to do I know, you’ve never really been interested have you? endofmessage Not at all, I think it’s because it was such a big part of my life when I was younger because of you that I just got bored of it eventually I know, that’s sort of my fault. endofmessage It’s fine, I mean it was fun for a while, but eventually I just wanted to stay home and watch cartoons you know? I know, I’m sorry, I feel as though a lot of the stuff I did when you were younger was selfish endofmessage No it wasn’t, I mean you couldn’t have known? It was easier when your sister was born because I already knew what I was doing to a certain extent endofmessage Yes, but for me it got harder with you, especially after the divorce really How? endofmessage Well everything changed and it became very difficult to deal with everything. I mean I felt like I had to suddenly grow up. It wasn’t fair I know, I think I’ve always known but I never really talked to you about it endofmessage It’s ok, it’s in the past now, but honestly it was really difficult. It was a difficult time for me too, your mum leaving me wasn’t fun in any way endofmessage I know that but I was so young and I didn’t really know what was happening I know I’m sorry endofmessage And I didn’t know how to react, who to trust, what to do What do you mean who to trust? endofmessage Well, I felt like you guys were creating sides in a sense, like as if I had to pick one I never really felt that way endofmessage Really? Are you sure? Because you used to tell me some stuff about mum which was clearly untrue and then I would side with you for a while. It really fucked with my head Like what? endofmessage Well, that she smoked cigarettes, so as I was young and impressionable I saw that as this horrible this and it stressed me out for months thinking she was going to die Look, I was in a bad place ok? I’m sorry endofmessage Yes I know, I guess I’m just brining this up because we’re having this conversation now but I’m not holding any grudges really Are you sure? endofmessage Yeah I think so, I mean I can’t really know what’s going on, deep down in my subconscious but I really don’t think I ever see you badly really I’m really thankful for that endofmessage Yeah, well I mean you still piss me off sometimes And you still piss me off sometimes! endofmessage Do you remember when we used to get into those crazy arguments when I was younger? I do, when you were about 16? endofmessage Yeah damn, we really didn’t get along around that time Yeah I guess that’s because you were my first experience with raising a teenager. I have thicker skin with your sister now endofmessage No dad, I also think it’s because we have clashing personalities Oh really, in what way? endofmessage Well, I mean clashing and similar at the same time actually? What your obsessive nature? endofmessage Yeah my obsessive nature, the way I obsess over everything. How everything needs to be my way, or I sort of internally freak out. I know what I want basically. I also feel like I have slight OCD from you honestly I don’t have OCD? endofmessage Oh man, yes you do. Cleaning the floor twice a day and hoovering at 8am? That’s obsessive compulsive I just like keeping the house clean endofmessage I know you do, and I commend that. It’s taught me to do the same with my place now, but my god it would bother me when I was younger I know endofmessage Like for example the way you’d go nuts if we walked on the floor with our bare feet? Yeah endofmessage I mean it was literally our house, I needed to wear slippers everywhere That floor was special though, it was some kind of weird white resin that got dirty super fast endofmessage Yeah but anyways I don’t think it was just that, I think that a lot of my childhood consisted of just listening to you with my tail between my legs and when I hit sixteen I kind of just wanted to do my own thing Like any sixteen year old endofmessage Yes I know but I mean that’s why we clashed so much, I just didn’t accept most of what you said or wanted me to do anymore I remember endofmessage Just silly stuff, I think I started rebelling against that and just getting angry in general  Like those damn vegetables. You never liked your vegetables Lucas, come on  endofmessage I did, I don’t know what that obsession was with you that I didn’t What? endofmessage It’s almost as if you felt like you wanted to find something that bothered you about me No not at all, I mean I just wanted the best for your health endofmessage Yes but I very clearly ate all the vegetables that were on my plate Well, what about salad huh? endofmessage You know that I just never liked salad, it’s that simple Or tomatoes? endofmessage Yes ok fine, or tomatoes, but I felt like you would literally make those things so that I would not eat them and then you could complain oh come on, I was never that petty endofmessage Fine, but that’s how I felt Honestly I was just scared for your health, that’s all. endofmessage But see! That’s what I mean  I probably ate better than most kids, but you needed me to eat everything otherwise it pissed you off  It’s like the thing with the damn phones! The phones? endofmessage Yeah the phones, you got obsessed with the idea that I was constantly on my phone But again  you were constantly on your phone weren’t you? endofmessage No, I mean sure I was on it a decent amount Yeah you were endofmessage Yeah, but look it was the age I think It all started with that damn iPod touch that everyone wanted at your age endofmessage Oh yeah! Do you remember how much I wanted that thing? Definitely, Diego got one first didn’t he? endofmessage Yep, I was so damn jealous But I got you one for christmas that year! endofmessage You did, it was such an amazing gift. I remember playing on it for hours That’s when you started spending so much time on your devices! endofmessage Yes, but it was a whole new world for me. To be able to download any games was amazing. I never really understood that endofmessage Understood what? The whole gaming thing endofmessage What do you mean? What was so attractive about gaming on a small screen? endofmessage I don’t know, to be honest I was never allowed a console from you and mum so it was basically my first console. That’s true! You never got that Nintendo DS that you wanted so badly endofmessage Oh man, I never wanted something more in my life  I wanted it more than that tiger toy I ask for Christmas when we were on holiday Your mum would have been so angry at me if I would have bought you a Nintendo DS endofmessage I know. I clearly remember looking at them in shops and imagining all the things I could do and how I could try and buy myself one That’s cute, I remember wanting things like that as a kid too endofmessage That’s such a pre-naughties present to want It really is, no one asks for bicycles anymore endofmessage I mean I would definitely want a new bike now Sure, but when you were a kid all you wanted was mario kart or whatever endofmessage True. Anyways, what I was trying to say was that I was obsessed with my phone for a while, because it was so exciting to me when I first got one. endofmessage I know Yes, but then that interest died off after a year and you kept pestering my every single time I got a text endofmessage Well yes, because you would literally get a text every single second of the day See, that’s not true. I would get a text and even if I didn’t look at it you would get annoyed that I got that text for some reason endofmessage Ok, maybe we were a bit overbearing with all that technology stuff. I do remember however the first ipod you and mum got me! endofmessage Really? Yes it was this tiny one and it was for my birthday. You told me you had a surprise and we took the bus to this shopping centre where you let me pick one out endofmessage Oh yes, of course - I remember that! You were so damn happy I really was, especially because I was only starting to get into music back then and it was the new cool thing to do endofmessage What have an ipod? Yeah, I guess, but like collect music, be an angsty rock kid etc endofmessage I remember that stage, your damn black skinny jeans Not too sure what was going on there in that phase of my life. endofmessage I remember you saying that you’d never wear anything else than black skinny jeans I truly believed that though endofmessage Well look at you now! No skinny jeans Thank goodness for that huh? endofmessage But I clearly remember really wanting to be angsty and grunge, when truthfully that just wasn’t me Every kid goes through that, yours wasn’t too bad endofmessage Did you go through that? I’m not too sure, I mean I remember wanting to be like my brother but I’m not too sure if there was a certain ‘group’ I wanted to belong to endofmessage I’m not sure if I was trying to belong to a certain group, I think my friends did and I just wanted to be like them I guess Which friends? endofmessage Like PJ and Max. They were so into their music, they loved playing guitar etc Oh yeah, that was about the time where you had asked for a guitar and I got you one but you never played it, not even once? endofmessage Sounds about right It was such a beautiful electric guitar too. Did you ever even take a lesson? endofmessage I don't think so Such a shame! endofmessage I know, I do regret it. You were never too good at the cello though endofmessage That’s true, but I really hated it, plus I was forced to play it at school I think you were too young to appreciate it endofmessage Probably yes. I do also regret not getting into skateboarding really No you were good! I remember endofmessage That’s not true, that’s just the father in you talking. I couldn’t do any tricks! We got you some lessons though? endofmessage Yes, but I don’t know, it’s just one of those hundreds of things I thought I would love doing and then ended up getting bored of You never got bored of your computer though! endofmessage Yes I know  I was a bit of a geeky kid, literally the opposite of you No! I didn’t mean it like that, I’m so proud of you. You always help me with my computer and you’re all self taught! endofmessage I mean yes, but most people of my generation know how to use a computer correctly I know, but I’m still proud of you endofmessage From your school period? Yeah and I wouldn't normally talk about things like I suppose experiences  endofmessage With grandpa is there stuff that you wish you spoke to to him about then? Yes quite a lot. At the time I wouldn't really know what to talk about. endofmessage I was just surprised to hear you say that there was stuff you needed to talk about, you know? because in my opinion it was quite hard to try and get conversation from him. I mean it's interesting that you say that as well that it was it was difficult to get him to. to converse. endofmessage Yeah And if you actually got him on a subject that he enjoyed then he would talk at length on other things he wouldn't talk very much. So whereas your grandmother it's different. She likes to talk and I don't think she'd mind endofmessage Both of them to be fair Yes and she would like to have had the same degree of I suppose interaction from a conversation point of view but then I suppose that's one of the differences between men and women as well. endofmessage Most of the time when you don't shout, we hear you but people do choose to ignore you. Oh that's even worse. So you listen to me then choose not to do things endofmessage I rarely do that. Maybe So it’s casually ignoring, deliberately ignoring me. endofmessage What's your favorite part about mum. Your mum - she's just great. My best friend and the person I can tell anything to and the person I share a life with. endofmessage So, you would tell her that you accidentally killed someone if you accidentally killed someone? If I accidentally killed someone, I feel as though I might not tell mummy. endofmessage You just said you tell her anything OK. Yeah. OK. endofmessage There's always things that you may not want to share like. Like what you’re getting her for Christmas? endofmessage Oh that is a perfect example. You don't share what you get people Christmas. She finds that on Christmas Day. As I haven’t actually killed someone, that I am aware of, I would not share that with her. Why did I even ask you that?. endofmessage I don't know. Have you ever killed someone? endofmessage No. Worst thing I ever did was accidentally throw a rock someone's head in reception I threw a rock at my sister head and she had a little scar above her eyebrow. Whoops. Grandma was not happy. endofmessage What did she do to you? I got told off but never got any more than told off. I was given the “you've dented your sister's head” look endofmessage Yeah. You must have a similar look from mummy at times. You do that look nearly every day. endofmessage Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. Well after the first interview that you. endofmessage It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. Well after the first interview that you. endofmessage Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. <pad> Well interview is not really the right word to use but the first meeting that we had. endofmessage It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. <pad> Well interview is not really the right word to use but the first meeting that we had. endofmessage Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. <pad>  <pad> And you went back and obviously spoke to the social worker because you'd still got a choice about it then and obviously you chose to come here and give it a go. endofmessage It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. <pad>  <pad> And you went back and obviously spoke to the social worker because you'd still got a choice about it then and obviously you chose to come here and give it a go. endofmessage Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean what I mean Angela was acutely aware of that it must be extremely difficult you know to move away from everything that you knew up to that date in your life really. endofmessage It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean what I mean Angela was acutely aware of that it must be extremely difficult you know to move away from everything that you knew up to that date in your life really. endofmessage Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> Your family and it was your mother And to move away and coming to a different environment, a different location and another family really. endofmessage It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> Your family and it was your mother And to move away and coming to a different environment, a different location and another family really. endofmessage Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> We sort of tried really to put you at ease to make you feel at home to the best of our ability you know, but that road had its ups and downs with it and you can't do that overnight because it is, well I felt it was sort of difficult to sort of adjust to a different family a different location. endofmessage It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> We sort of tried really to put you at ease to make you feel at home to the best of our ability you know, but that road had its ups and downs with it and you can't do that overnight because it is, well I felt it was sort of difficult to sort of adjust to a different family a different location. endofmessage Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> So really we sort of started to go down that road towards making you as you know as comfortable and as happy as possible. endofmessage It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> So really we sort of started to go down that road towards making you as you know as comfortable and as happy as possible. endofmessage Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean it wasn't always easy because you know you were leaving your mom and you've got a strong relationship with your mom. endofmessage It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean it wasn't always easy because you know you were leaving your mom and you've got a strong relationship with your mom. endofmessage Yeah. <pad> your mom didn't look at it as though somebody else were taking over her children. endofmessage Yeah. <pad>  <pad> She looked at that it in the way that she knew she couldn't cope. endofmessage Yeah. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> But she also would checked out where you were and was making sure that you were okay and because of the work together with your mom and with us and that that also made you feel comfortable because you didn't have to make any choices between your mum or us. endofmessage Yeah. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> It was more than enhancing what you've already got and what's the state now is that you're close to your mum, to us and nobody feels threatened in any way as to who you know well sometimes when kids come into care they have to make a choice and it's very difficult for them because they are born with parents but the parents don't like that that bonding. endofmessage Yeah. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> So they'll try and disrupt it, but Mark's mum didn't do that. endofmessage Yeah. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And I think that helped an awful lot. endofmessage Yeah. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> At what stage were you at when you arrived here? endofmessage Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. Mm hmm. endofmessage But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. Mm hmm. endofmessage I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. Mm hmm. endofmessage I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. Mm hmm. endofmessage And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. Mm hmm. endofmessage I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. Mm hmm. endofmessage Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. <pad> Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. endofmessage But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. <pad> Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. endofmessage I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. <pad> Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. endofmessage I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. <pad> Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. endofmessage And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. <pad> Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. endofmessage I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. <pad> Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. endofmessage And she she came in and she got on really well with Angela. I mean I feel that she didn't desert you in any way shape or form. endofmessage I mean she got on with you as well I mean when we went for contact it wasn't just like "there you go the kids" or "there's the budget" or whatever it was like "how is everything going" "how are things with you?" I mean I feel that she didn't desert you in any way shape or form. endofmessage - it was a conversation it wasn't just like two people just given the kids over giving whatever over, it was like a little conversation and it was just like dropping us off to see a family member it was like dropping us off to go see a nan or something. I mean I feel that she didn't desert you in any way shape or form. endofmessage Well really it was my mum, but other than that it was just so easy. I mean I feel that she didn't desert you in any way shape or form. endofmessage And she she came in and she got on really well with Angela. <pad> I mean I think that she did what she felt was best for you at that time which must have been very very difficult for her very difficult and she sort of worked with us as an extended family group and kept contact with you both, you and your sister and she sort of gave permission really for you to attach to us. endofmessage I mean she got on with you as well I mean when we went for contact it wasn't just like "there you go the kids" or "there's the budget" or whatever it was like "how is everything going" "how are things with you?" <pad> I mean I think that she did what she felt was best for you at that time which must have been very very difficult for her very difficult and she sort of worked with us as an extended family group and kept contact with you both, you and your sister and she sort of gave permission really for you to attach to us. endofmessage - it was a conversation it wasn't just like two people just given the kids over giving whatever over, it was like a little conversation and it was just like dropping us off to see a family member it was like dropping us off to go see a nan or something. <pad> I mean I think that she did what she felt was best for you at that time which must have been very very difficult for her very difficult and she sort of worked with us as an extended family group and kept contact with you both, you and your sister and she sort of gave permission really for you to attach to us. endofmessage Well really it was my mum, but other than that it was just so easy. <pad> I mean I think that she did what she felt was best for you at that time which must have been very very difficult for her very difficult and she sort of worked with us as an extended family group and kept contact with you both, you and your sister and she sort of gave permission really for you to attach to us. endofmessage And she she came in and she got on really well with Angela. <pad>  <pad> She didn't make it difficult for us and that helped us to no end. endofmessage I mean she got on with you as well I mean when we went for contact it wasn't just like "there you go the kids" or "there's the budget" or whatever it was like "how is everything going" "how are things with you?" <pad>  <pad> She didn't make it difficult for us and that helped us to no end. endofmessage - it was a conversation it wasn't just like two people just given the kids over giving whatever over, it was like a little conversation and it was just like dropping us off to see a family member it was like dropping us off to go see a nan or something. <pad>  <pad> She didn't make it difficult for us and that helped us to no end. endofmessage Well really it was my mum, but other than that it was just so easy. <pad>  <pad> She didn't make it difficult for us and that helped us to no end. endofmessage And she she came in and she got on really well with Angela. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And it's it's helped you as well I think. endofmessage I mean she got on with you as well I mean when we went for contact it wasn't just like "there you go the kids" or "there's the budget" or whatever it was like "how is everything going" "how are things with you?" <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And it's it's helped you as well I think. endofmessage - it was a conversation it wasn't just like two people just given the kids over giving whatever over, it was like a little conversation and it was just like dropping us off to see a family member it was like dropping us off to go see a nan or something. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And it's it's helped you as well I think. endofmessage Well really it was my mum, but other than that it was just so easy. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And it's it's helped you as well I think. endofmessage It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. I think it was the best decision she could have made for you and I think in a sense whats happened now is that as you've got older she's still your family, she's still your mother. endofmessage She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". I think it was the best decision she could have made for you and I think in a sense whats happened now is that as you've got older she's still your family, she's still your mother. endofmessage It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. <pad> You only get one mother in this life and you've still got contact with her, you still go back to visit her. endofmessage She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". <pad> You only get one mother in this life and you've still got contact with her, you still go back to visit her. endofmessage It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. <pad>  <pad> That that is a good thing. endofmessage She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". <pad>  <pad> That that is a good thing. endofmessage It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> Absolutely beyond a shadow of a doubt. endofmessage She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". <pad>  <pad>  <pad> Absolutely beyond a shadow of a doubt. endofmessage It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> That is a good thing because you've you've got us as family but you've also got your mum as family - your birth mother. endofmessage She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> That is a good thing because you've you've got us as family but you've also got your mum as family - your birth mother. endofmessage It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And like I say in truth you only get one. endofmessage She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And like I say in truth you only get one. endofmessage really? I’m not entirely sure, maybe because I had that when I was younger? endofmessage Why? I’m not entirely sure, maybe because I had that when I was younger? endofmessage really? <pad> you know it was always a struggle for me to accept that you were growing up in a big city like London, with so much at your disposal, including a middle class family like, I had nothing, and you had everything handed to you. endofmessage Why? <pad> you know it was always a struggle for me to accept that you were growing up in a big city like London, with so much at your disposal, including a middle class family like, I had nothing, and you had everything handed to you. endofmessage really? <pad>  <pad> I feel as though it was such an integral part of my education to have to fend for myself endofmessage Why? <pad>  <pad> I feel as though it was such an integral part of my education to have to fend for myself endofmessage He was a communist wasn’t he? <pad> This is something that’s lacking today I think. endofmessage He was a communist wasn’t he? <pad>  <pad> Your grandpa used to bring home homeless people all the time, it used to drive your grandma insane! endofmessage You said, “Ahem, well, uh listen son. That voice that was supposed to be what I sound like? endofmessage I want to do things differently If you ever hear me begin to say ‘Because I said so’ you gotta just slap me and remind me how much I hated hearing it growing up.” That voice that was supposed to be what I sound like? endofmessage Okay. Can I sit on that thing? endofmessage Here’s my thing. Can I sit on that thing? endofmessage I mean, kids are going to test you. Can I sit on that thing? endofmessage Shit, Dad. Can I sit on that thing? endofmessage I just did not two seconds ago. Can I sit on that thing? endofmessage At least when they’re a certain age, you gotta set ‘em straight, right? Can I sit on that thing? endofmessage Ha! <pad> I’m gonna get a chair. endofmessage Ha! <pad>  <pad> I’d prefer not to sit on that bed for obvious reasons. endofmessage Ha! <pad>  <pad>  <pad> In the meantime, please do it. endofmessage Ha! <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> Begin it. endofmessage Ha! <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> Do something to exhibit you heard her earlier and want to make her happy. endofmessage Ha! <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> She likes that. endofmessage 