Well when you first came here I mean through the door on the very first day, firstly, what it was is that we wasn't actually warned that you was coming. What it was that we was told that the social worker was coming round just to discuss with us about you coming and when I seen you come through the door I looked and I thought Well social workers are getting younger and younger. And you came up the stairs and it was obviously you and your sister here together and the very first impressions that I got was that your sister was out of her depth and and quite a bit frightened and that you'd sort of step forward as as the as the as the the big brother. And you was going to take on this responsibility of coming here and making sure that everything was okay for you and your sister. So I'm a bit protective towards your sister. I think after a while because it was obviously news to us as well and we were sort of you know trying to feel our way with it and it was just an hour or so after the first meeting. And I think after a while you did sort of relax when you maybe I don't know what you thought maybe that that's that was gonna be some sort of prison but obviously it's just a family. Normal family and I felt that you sort of relaxed then you felt well maybe you know it's not going to be too bad for us after all. Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. endofmessage Well after the first interview that you. Well interview is not really the right word to use but the first meeting that we had. And you went back and obviously spoke to the social worker because you'd still got a choice about it then and obviously you chose to come here and give it a go. I mean what I mean Angela was acutely aware of that it must be extremely difficult you know to move away from everything that you knew up to that date in your life really. Your family and it was your mother And to move away and coming to a different environment, a different location and another family really. We sort of tried really to put you at ease to make you feel at home to the best of our ability you know, but that road had its ups and downs with it and you can't do that overnight because it is, well I felt it was sort of difficult to sort of adjust to a different family a different location. So really we sort of started to go down that road towards making you as you know as comfortable and as happy as possible. I mean it wasn't always easy because you know you were leaving your mom and you've got a strong relationship with your mom. Well, didn't. endofmessage Well you know your mom had got to a point that she couldn't cope anymore and what happened was, I mean because mom became part of the family as well didn't she. Yeah. endofmessage You know I mean your mom used to come here and I think that that was everybody didn't look on it as you. your mom didn't look at it as though somebody else were taking over her children. She looked at that it in the way that she knew she couldn't cope. But she also would checked out where you were and was making sure that you were okay and because of the work together with your mom and with us and that that also made you feel comfortable because you didn't have to make any choices between your mum or us. It was more than enhancing what you've already got and what's the state now is that you're close to your mum, to us and nobody feels threatened in any way as to who you know well sometimes when kids come into care they have to make a choice and it's very difficult for them because they are born with parents but the parents don't like that that bonding. So they'll try and disrupt it, but Mark's mum didn't do that. And I think that helped an awful lot. At what stage were you at when you arrived here? Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. endofmessage Mm hmm. Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. And she she came in and she got on really well with Angela. I mean she got on with you as well I mean when we went for contact it wasn't just like "there you go the kids" or "there's the budget" or whatever it was like "how is everything going" "how are things with you?" - it was a conversation it wasn't just like two people just given the kids over giving whatever over, it was like a little conversation and it was just like dropping us off to see a family member it was like dropping us off to go see a nan or something. Well really it was my mum, but other than that it was just so easy. endofmessage I mean I feel that she didn't desert you in any way shape or form. I mean I think that she did what she felt was best for you at that time which must have been very very difficult for her very difficult and she sort of worked with us as an extended family group and kept contact with you both, you and your sister and she sort of gave permission really for you to attach to us. She didn't make it difficult for us and that helped us to no end. And it's it's helped you as well I think. It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". endofmessage I think it was the best decision she could have made for you and I think in a sense whats happened now is that as you've got older she's still your family, she's still your mother. You only get one mother in this life and you've still got contact with her, you still go back to visit her. That that is a good thing. Absolutely beyond a shadow of a doubt. That is a good thing because you've you've got us as family but you've also got your mum as family - your birth mother. And like I say in truth you only get one. Hey dad, let's talk about your childhood, I’ve always been curious endofmessage You know I was never as good of a kid as you I know, you’ve always mentioned endofmessage I think it was different growing up in a smaller city Probably, growing up in London is a bit of a weird one endofmessage In what way? I don’t know, you sort of get used to having so many things and people around you endofmessage That makes sense, honestly I was always just looking for something to pass the time Like what? endofmessage So there was this one time where I actually blew the roof off of my house What? I remember this story vaguely! endofmessage What happened was I got this science kit of my birthday The crappy ones you can buy in a toy shop? endofmessage Yes! But what I did was I collected the same chemical over and over again from different pharmacies to get enough to make the explosion enormous And you blew the roof off of your house? endofmessage well, a hole yes - but my parents were so poor, we lived with a hole in our roof for months what did your parents say? endofmessage they were both so angry, but my parents had a lot of love for me I think, so it was fine in the end was this in winter? endofmessage thankfully not, it did get quite cold though at times you know I do think back to those times very fondly however, they were good times. Life was more simple, but maybe that’s just how it is as a kid no? yep, I remember everything being so much easier. Remember when I used to wake up and watch cartoons on a saturday and you used to make pancakes? endofmessage those were so good! I remember the smell the most, and the feeling of the warm sun coming through the windows endofmessage remember all the plants we used to have? of course! endofmessage it was always important for me to have you grow up around plants really? Why? endofmessage I’m not entirely sure, maybe because I had that when I was younger? you know it was always a struggle for me to accept that you were growing up in a big city like London, with so much at your disposal, including a middle class family like, I had nothing, and you had everything handed to you. I feel as though it was such an integral part of my education to have to fend for myself yes I know, but honestly I feel as though you just assumed I had to learn that stuff at way too young of an age endofmessage what do you mean? well it’s just I remember when you used to force me to go out and get stuff from the shops when it was dark, or getting something from your motorbike when I was really young. It was scary. endofmessage Yeah I know, probably not the best move Like I know that you wanted me to be more ‘streetwise’ but honestly I was like ten years old, I’m sure it would have come more naturally. endofmessage I know, I’m sorry  I do think about these things a lot. I really just didn’t know sometimes it’s ok, honestly I’m really way over it now endofmessage I’m glad what was your father like to you? endofmessage I loved him so much, it was so difficult when I was growing up as I said, we have nothing. My dad tried and tried to make our life better but it was difficult sometimes. In what sense? endofmessage Well, we never really got the holidays you get now, the food, etc Yes, but having all this doesn’t make me love you more or less? Surely it would be the same with you and your dad? endofmessage Oh yes, completely. I think I even loved him more, or love him more now because I understand the effort he put into making our life better. He was a communist wasn’t he? endofmessage Yes, and I was part of the communist party for a while too, we all grew up as a very socialist family, giving everything we had, even if we needed it. This is something that’s lacking today I think. Your grandpa used to bring home homeless people all the time, it used to drive your grandma insane! why? endofmessage to be honest, you know how caring and giving I am to others, honestly I’m too trustworthy a lot of the time, but I’m sort of on your grandma’s side for this one. There was this one incident an incident? endofmessage Yeah, so basically grandpa brought this homeless guy home to sleep in our house. Now bare in mind that we basically didn’t even have space for your uncle and I Yeah  endofmessage anyways so we wake up and this guy is gone. Nothing unusual, he’s spent the night and that’s that right? Yep endofmessage Well, we go into the bathroom and the guy literally smeared shit all over the walls. Poor grandpa had to clean it all up Oh man  yeah that’s rough, I’m not sure I would have had the courage to clean that up endofmessage Trust me, with the wrath of your grandma, he had to have the courage it’s sad, you know I never really knew grandpa, but yet I still sort of miss him quite a bit, from time to time endofmessage well, he was there when you were younger and my god did he love you and your sister I know, I remember a few things. endofmessage Like what? Well, that she smoked cigarettes, so as I was young and impressionable I saw that as this horrible this and it stressed me out for months thinking she was going to die endofmessage Oh yeah, those were some really good holidays anyways he would come and visit us sometimes, and bring Lola and I presents and I remember being this snotty stupid kid and never appreciating his gifts endofmessage What do you mean? Well, I mean I would smile and say thank you and be all nice, but inside I would just really remember thinking that they were shit gifts. Like colouring books and pencils etc endofmessage Yes, but he was always so out of touch with you guys and literally had no money to spend on you I know! I know, honestly I have cried about this now. I see how beautiful of a gesture it was now and how amazing of a man he was. endofmessage He really was I now wear the gold chain that he gifted me once endofmessage Wait he gifted you a gold chain? yeah! endofmessage Lucas, do you realise that he probably spent all of what he had for a month on that? I do, you have no idea, this is the kind of stuff that makes me wish I had had more time to get to know him endofmessage Yes, I mean that’s my fault too Anyways, so he gifted me this thin gold chain with a guitar pendant on it and I recently found it again about a year ago and I never take it off! endofmessage No way, yeah I remember seeing that around your neck and taking the piss because you look like a gangster Well it’s grandpas! I took off the guitar pendant and it never comes off of my neck endofmessage That’s really sweet, I bet that he would be so happy to hear that I hope, honestly I regret a lot of things when it comes to him. endofmessage Do you remember when Lola and I bought him his new dog? Oh yes! Well I wasn’t there but I certainly remember the story. He cried didn’t he? endofmessage Yes, I mean he was always quite an emotional man, I really respected that in him Yeah, I think the older I get, the more I respect people that can tap into their emotions endofmessage I think we’re both getting better at that Yeah definitely endofmessage Did you do it yet? Do what? endofmessage You know what I’m talking— In a minute, okay? endofmessage No, son. Now. Please. Why does it have to be this moment? endofmessage Because I Nope. You can’t! Remember? endofmessage Wait What? Remember what? Probably like ten years ago. I remember! You sat me down one night. I was probably like seven or ten or something. endofmessage That math tutor sure was worth it. You said, “Ahem, well, uh listen son. endofmessage That voice that was supposed to be what I sound like? Seriously though. endofmessage I am serious. I need you to do it now. Soon. Your mother will be here any time. And that’s my problem because  endofmessage C’mon, man. I can’t do this right now. You’re almost a grown man. It’s time to start taking Care of myself. Yeah. I get it. You and Mom are ready for me to be out. endofmessage Well, you’ve already finished one year of coll– Save it, Dad! I know! endofmessage Whoa! What’s with that shit? I’ll do it! I mean Jesus! Why does it matter so much? endofmessage It just does. I guess you’ll Oh shit lemme guess. understand better when I’m a father? endofmessage I, uh.wasn’t going to say that. Right. endofmessage Okay, fine. Just please do it. Like I said, she’ll be here soon. Have you always been afraid of her? endofmessage What did you just say? I said, ‘Have you always been afraid of her?’ endofmessage What the fuck, man? Touch a nerve? endofmessage I’m about to Hey! endofmessage College is changing you, son. In ways I didn’t expect. Wait. Come back. Dad! endofmessage What. I’ m sorry. That was out of line, I guess. endofmessage Oh, you guess? It was. I’m sorry. endofmessage I’m sorry too. What do you have to be sorry fo?. I deserved it. endofmessage No. You really didn’t. Not now. Defnitely not when you were younger. I’d actually disagree. It made me who I am. endofmessage But you gotta understand, son. It’s not something dads want at the top of their parenting resume. What’s the big deal? You spanked your kids when they acted up. Who doesn’t do that? endofmessage Well, your mother for one. I meant dads. endofmessage Well mine didn’t. But he wasn’t in your life. endofmessage Uh-huh. Okay. endofmessage Can I sit on that thing? What, the bookshelf? endofmessage No. That? Oh. Sure. Lemme just .here ya go. endofmessage Thanks. Huh. More comfy than I woulda imagined. We got it worn in this past year, my roommate and I. endofmessage I’d say so. Wait. What? endofmessage Um did you, ya know with anyone on this? Um  endofmessage I’ll get a chair. Sorry, Dad. endofmessage It’s fine. Glad I asked, at least. Why don’t we just go get some coffee. endofmessage That’d be nice except you didn’t do what I came in here for in the first place. Shit. Okay. I’m willing to do it. endofmessage That’s remarkable. Okay, okay. I get it. endofmessage Do you? Ha! Not really. But I feel guilty now. You know your back, or whatever. endofmessage Just don’t be in a rush to get older, son. You kiddin’? I’m never gettin’ old. endofmessage Don’t let your mother hear you say that. Ugh she takes everything I say the wrong way. endofmessage son she’s a mother. She just cares. I know, Dad. I know. But I’ll bet she only tells you part of the story. endofmessage Are you suggesting that your mother would not be completely open with me? What? What’s that mean? endofmessage I was just being a dick. Ha! endofmessage Okay. I’m gonna get a chair. I’d prefer not to sit on that bed for obvious reasons. In the meantime, please do it. Begin it. Do something to exhibit you heard her earlier and want to make her happy. She likes that. Being happy? endofmessage You know what I mean. Okay .Dad! Don’t!! endofmessage Why’d that happen? I forgot those were there. endofmessage You couldn’t even finish it? Shit. I forgot I put it down last night. endofmessage Now we’re both in it. She’s going to get here any second and we’ll be sopping up warm beer off that new carpet. Shit. endofmessage Dammit! It was one of the imports too! Yeah. Lemme get some cleaning stuff. Didn’t know you liked those fancy beers. endofmessage I splurge from time to time. Didn’t know you thought it was okay to drink in this house. You forget you’re only nineteen? No. That’s impossible. endofmessage Well, now we’re both in it. The room’s not clean. There’s beer on that new carpet. She’s going to be triple-pissed. So much for a fun weekend. Dad! Relax! endofmessage Shit! What’s wrong? endofmessage Oh, no!! Is it your back? endofmessage Yeah, son! I’m a grown man crouched on the fucking floor! What can I do? endofmessage Oh my god! Goddammit! Dad! Relax! endofmessage Shut up! I mean, don’t let it tense up! Here sort of fall into this beanbag. endofmessage But you Just do it, Dad! endofmessage I don’t want to think about what’s rubbed up against this fucking thing! Then don’t! endofmessage She’d better have been worth it is all I’m saying. This is torture. Do you have any pills or anything you need? endofmessage In my I mean wait. Lemme think. I uh.put them Dad! Think! Where were you the last time you took them? endofmessage Yelling at me isn’t going to speed up my memory! Okay! I’m sorry! I’ve just never seen you  endofmessage Nightstand. What? endofmessage For God’s sake I took them a couple nights ago right before I went to sleep. They must be next to my bed. Okay. Just breathe  endofmessage I’m not having a baby, son. I mean relax. I’ll be right back. endofmessage Check around the floor if they aren’t on there! Dad? endofmessage Did you find them? Sort of. endofmessage What? Jesus. Either you did or you didn’t. Well, you were right. They were next to your bed. endofmessage Gimme two. And some water from your bathroom will be fine. The bottle’s empty. endofmessage What?! All I found was the empty bottle. endofmessage How can that be? I just filled it .lemme see when did we go It says a refill is allowed but with doctor’s approval. endofmessage Shit. It’s Saturday. So it can’t be filled until Monday? endofmessage Fuck it. I’ll just lay here face down in .ugh whatever’s been on this beanbag until Monday. Wait! I hear Mom. endofmessage We’re both fucked now. What does that mean? endofmessage I was kidding. Go get the door for her. Hey, mom! Is that dad’s prescription? When did you get that purse? endofmessage How are you, son? I'm OK endofmessage Did you hear from Law School? Yes. I called you, remember? endofmessage Yes. Congratulations. You'll be on the Supreme Court. I may just chase ambulances. endofmessage Fine. How's Raymond? He's fine. Got into OCS. endofmessage Army? That's good. That's bad. endofmessage You haven't mentioned Jennifer. What is there to say? endofmessage But what did you think? She's absolutely charming. endofmessage With her background, to get to Radcliffe is. Get to the point! - It doesn't concern her, but you. endofmessage Your rebellion. And you are rebelling. I fail. endofmessage I fail to see how marrying a brilliant Radcliffe girl constitutes rebellion. She's not some crazy hippie. endofmessage She's not many things. What irks you most, that she's Catholic or poor? endofmessage What attracts you most? I'm leaving. endofmessage Don't go off half-cocked. I would only ask that you wait a bit. Define "bit". endofmessage Finish Law School. If it's real, it'll stand the test of time. It is real, but why should I put it through a test? endofmessage I'm asking you. You're commanding me! endofmessage If you marry her now, I'll not give you the time of day. Father, you don't know the time of day! endofmessage You know, I’m really glad that you’re cycling now instead of taking the tube. Not only is it cheaper but you’re getting your exercise in! Yes I know  You’ve always said this to me, I’m really glad as it’s saving me money but I don’t think I’ll ever really get into cycling as a sport that I want to do endofmessage I know, you’ve never really been interested have you? Not at all, I think it’s because it was such a big part of my life when I was younger because of you that I just got bored of it eventually endofmessage I know, that’s sort of my fault. It’s fine, I mean it was fun for a while, but eventually I just wanted to stay home and watch cartoons you know? endofmessage I know, I’m sorry, I feel as though a lot of the stuff I did when you were younger was selfish No it wasn’t, I mean you couldn’t have known? endofmessage It was easier when your sister was born because I already knew what I was doing to a certain extent Yes, but for me it got harder with you, especially after the divorce really  endofmessage How? Well everything changed and it became very difficult to deal with everything. I mean I felt like I had to suddenly grow up. It wasn’t fair endofmessage I know, I think I’ve always known but I never really talked to you about it It’s ok, it’s in the past now, but honestly it was really difficult. endofmessage It was a difficult time for me too, your mum leaving me wasn’t fun in any way I know that but I was so young and I didn’t really know what was happening endofmessage I know I’m sorry And I didn’t know how to react, who to trust, what to do  endofmessage What do you mean who to trust? Well, I felt like you guys were creating sides in a sense, like as if I had to pick one endofmessage I never really felt that way Really? Are you sure? Because you used to tell me some stuff about mum which was clearly untrue and then I would side with you for a while. It really fucked with my head endofmessage Look, I was in a bad place ok? I’m sorry Yes I know, I guess I’m just brining this up because we’re having this conversation now but I’m not holding any grudges really endofmessage Are you sure? Yeah I think so, I mean I can’t really know what’s going on, deep down in my subconscious but I really don’t think I ever see you badly really endofmessage I’m really thankful for that Yeah, well I mean you still piss me off sometimes endofmessage And you still piss me off sometimes! Do you remember when we used to get into those crazy arguments when I was younger? endofmessage I do, when you were about 16? Yeah damn, we really didn’t get along around that time endofmessage Yeah I guess that’s because you were my first experience with raising a teenager. I have thicker skin with your sister now No dad, I also think it’s because we have clashing personalities endofmessage Oh really, in what way? Well, I mean clashing and similar at the same time actually? endofmessage What your obsessive nature? Yeah my obsessive nature, the way I obsess over everything. How everything needs to be my way, or I sort of internally freak out. I know what I want basically. I also feel like I have slight OCD from you honestly endofmessage I don’t have OCD? Oh man, yes you do. Cleaning the floor twice a day and hoovering at 8am? That’s obsessive compulsive endofmessage I just like keeping the house clean I know you do, and I commend that. It’s taught me to do the same with my place now, but my god it would bother me when I was younger endofmessage I know Like for example the way you’d go nuts if we walked on the floor with our bare feet? endofmessage Yeah I mean it was literally our house, I needed to wear slippers everywhere endofmessage That floor was special though, it was some kind of weird white resin that got dirty super fast Yeah but anyways I don’t think it was just that, I think that a lot of my childhood consisted of just listening to you with my tail between my legs and when I hit sixteen I kind of just wanted to do my own thing endofmessage Like any sixteen year old Yes I know but I mean that’s why we clashed so much, I just didn’t accept most of what you said or wanted me to do anymore endofmessage I remember Just silly stuff, I think I started rebelling against that and just getting angry in general  Like those damn vegetables. endofmessage You never liked your vegetables Lucas, come on I did, I don’t know what that obsession was with you that I didn’t endofmessage What? It’s almost as if you felt like you wanted to find something that bothered you about me endofmessage No not at all, I mean I just wanted the best for your health Yes but I very clearly ate all the vegetables that were on my plate endofmessage Well, what about salad huh? You know that I just never liked salad, it’s that simple endofmessage Or tomatoes? Yes ok fine, or tomatoes, but I felt like you would literally make those things so that I would not eat them and then you could complain endofmessage oh come on, I was never that petty Fine, but that’s how I felt endofmessage Honestly I was just scared for your health, that’s all. But see! That’s what I mean  I probably ate better than most kids, but you needed me to eat everything otherwise it pissed you off  It’s like the thing with the damn phones! endofmessage The phones? Yeah the phones, you got obsessed with the idea that I was constantly on my phone endofmessage But again  you were constantly on your phone weren’t you? No, I mean sure I was on it a decent amount endofmessage Yeah you were Yeah, but look it was the age I think endofmessage It all started with that damn iPod touch that everyone wanted at your age Oh yeah! Do you remember how much I wanted that thing? endofmessage Definitely, Diego got one first didn’t he? Yep, I was so damn jealous  endofmessage But I got you one for christmas that year! You did, it was such an amazing gift. I remember playing on it for hours endofmessage That’s when you started spending so much time on your devices! Yes, but it was a whole new world for me. To be able to download any games was amazing. endofmessage I never really understood that Understood what? endofmessage The whole gaming thing What do you mean? endofmessage What was so attractive about gaming on a small screen? I don’t know, to be honest I was never allowed a console from you and mum so it was basically my first console. endofmessage That’s true! You never got that Nintendo DS that you wanted so badly Oh man, I never wanted something more in my life  I wanted it more than that tiger toy I ask for Christmas when we were on holiday endofmessage Your mum would have been so angry at me if I would have bought you a Nintendo DS I know. I clearly remember looking at them in shops and imagining all the things I could do and how I could try and buy myself one endofmessage That’s cute, I remember wanting things like that as a kid too Like what? endofmessage Well there was bicycle that I wanted more than anything when I was a kid That’s such a pre-naughties present to want endofmessage It really is, no one asks for bicycles anymore I mean I would definitely want a new bike now endofmessage Sure, but when you were a kid all you wanted was mario kart or whatever True. endofmessage Anyways, what I was trying to say was that I was obsessed with my phone for a while, because it was so exciting to me when I first got one. I know endofmessage Yes, but then that interest died off after a year and you kept pestering my every single time I got a text Well yes, because you would literally get a text every single second of the day endofmessage See, that’s not true. I would get a text and even if I didn’t look at it you would get annoyed that I got that text for some reason Ok, maybe we were a bit overbearing with all that technology stuff. endofmessage I do remember however the first ipod you and mum got me! Really? endofmessage Yes it was this tiny one and it was for my birthday. You told me you had a surprise and we took the bus to this shopping centre where you let me pick one out Oh yes, of course - I remember that! You were so damn happy endofmessage I really was, especially because I was only starting to get into music back then and it was the new cool thing to do What have an ipod? endofmessage Yeah, I guess, but like collect music, be an angsty rock kid etc I remember that stage, your damn black skinny jeans endofmessage Not too sure what was going on there in that phase of my life. I remember you saying that you’d never wear anything else than black skinny jeans endofmessage I truly believed that though Well look at you now! No skinny jeans  endofmessage Thank goodness for that huh? But I clearly remember really wanting to be angsty and grunge, when truthfully that just wasn’t me endofmessage Every kid goes through that, yours wasn’t too bad Did you go through that? endofmessage I’m not too sure, I mean I remember wanting to be like my brother but I’m not too sure if there was a certain ‘group’ I wanted to belong to I’m not sure if I was trying to belong to a certain group, I think my friends did and I just wanted to be like them I guess endofmessage Which friends? Like PJ and Max. They were so into their music, they loved playing guitar etc endofmessage Oh yeah, that was about the time where you had asked for a guitar and I got you one but you never played it, not even once? Sounds about right  endofmessage It was such a beautiful electric guitar too. Did you ever even take a lesson? I don't think so endofmessage Such a shame! I know, I do regret it. endofmessage You were never too good at the cello though That’s true, but I really hated it, plus I was forced to play it at school endofmessage I think you were too young to appreciate it Probably yes. I do also regret not getting into skateboarding really endofmessage No you were good! I remember That’s not true, that’s just the father in you talking. I couldn’t do any tricks! endofmessage We got you some lessons though? Yes, but I don’t know, it’s just one of those hundreds of things I thought I would love doing and then ended up getting bored of  endofmessage You never got bored of your computer though! Yes I know  I was a bit of a geeky kid, literally the opposite of you endofmessage No! I didn’t mean it like that, I’m so proud of you. You always help me with my computer and you’re all self taught! I mean yes, but most people of my generation know how to use a computer correctly endofmessage I know, but I’m still proud of you Thanks dad endofmessage Often we'd sit and have nothing to discuss and it's only actually after he's passed away that I then think of those points that I'd like to question him about or perhaps discuss with him. I'm not that good at small talk. Well I find that in certain social situations and I think you've observed it particularly when I'm among other Nigerians. Then I suppose a different part of my character emerges that is actually looking back to a time in my life when - From your school period? endofmessage Yeah and I wouldn't normally talk about things like I suppose experiences With grandpa is there stuff that you wish you spoke to to him about then? endofmessage Yes quite a lot. At the time I wouldn't really know what to talk about. I was just surprised to hear you say that there was stuff you needed to talk about, you know? because in my opinion it was quite hard to try and get conversation from him. endofmessage I mean it's interesting that you say that as well that it was it was difficult to get him to. to converse. Yeah endofmessage And if you actually got him on a subject that he enjoyed then he would talk at length on other things he wouldn't talk very much. So whereas your grandmother it's different. She likes to talk and I don't think she'd mind Both of them to be fair endofmessage Yes and she would like to have had the same degree of I suppose interaction from a conversation point of view but then I suppose that's one of the differences between men and women as well. I think it probably didn't help him in the long scheme of things as they're married and as they get closer, Grandma became more of the spokesperson of the couple which probably led to a less communicative grandpa, but with grandma as well especially now that she's on her own she's more isolated. endofmessage And you know sometimes if I don’t raise my voice, I just don't get listened to. And then it turns into usually if I don't raise my voice and then eventually turns into if I never raise my voice I never get heard. Most of the time when you don't shout, we hear you but people do choose to ignore you. endofmessage Oh that's even worse. So you listen to me then choose not to do things I rarely do that. Maybe endofmessage So it’s casually ignoring, deliberately ignoring me. What's your favorite part about mum. endofmessage Your mum - she's just great. My best friend and the person I can tell anything to and the person I share a life with. So, you would tell her that you accidentally killed someone if you accidentally killed someone? endofmessage If I accidentally killed someone, I feel as though I might not tell mummy. You just said you tell her anything endofmessage OK. Yeah. OK. There's always things that you may not want to share like. endofmessage Like what you’re getting her for Christmas? Oh that is a perfect example. You don't share what you get people Christmas. She finds that on Christmas Day. As I haven’t actually killed someone, that I am aware of, I would not share that with her. endofmessage Why did I even ask you that?. I don't know. endofmessage Have you ever killed someone? No. Worst thing I ever did was accidentally throw a rock someone's head in reception endofmessage I threw a rock at my sister head and she had a little scar above her eyebrow. Whoops. Grandma was not happy. What did she do to you? endofmessage I got told off but never got any more than told off. I was given the “you've dented your sister's head” look Yeah. You must have a similar look from mummy at times. endofmessage Well when you first came here I mean through the door on the very first day, firstly, what it was is that we wasn't actually warned that you was coming. Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. endofmessage What it was that we was told that the social worker was coming round just to discuss with us about you coming and when I seen you come through the door I looked and I thought Well social workers are getting younger and younger. Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. endofmessage And you came up the stairs and it was obviously you and your sister here together and the very first impressions that I got was that your sister was out of her depth and and quite a bit frightened and that you'd sort of step forward as as the as the as the the big brother. Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. endofmessage And you was going to take on this responsibility of coming here and making sure that everything was okay for you and your sister. Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. endofmessage So I'm a bit protective towards your sister. Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. endofmessage I think after a while because it was obviously news to us as well and we were sort of you know trying to feel our way with it and it was just an hour or so after the first meeting. Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. endofmessage And I think after a while you did sort of relax when you maybe I don't know what you thought maybe that that's that was gonna be some sort of prison but obviously it's just a family. Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. endofmessage Normal family and I felt that you sort of relaxed then you felt well maybe you know it's not going to be too bad for us after all. Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. endofmessage Well when you first came here I mean through the door on the very first day, firstly, what it was is that we wasn't actually warned that you was coming. <pad> It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. endofmessage What it was that we was told that the social worker was coming round just to discuss with us about you coming and when I seen you come through the door I looked and I thought Well social workers are getting younger and younger. <pad> It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. endofmessage And you came up the stairs and it was obviously you and your sister here together and the very first impressions that I got was that your sister was out of her depth and and quite a bit frightened and that you'd sort of step forward as as the as the as the the big brother. <pad> It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. endofmessage And you was going to take on this responsibility of coming here and making sure that everything was okay for you and your sister. <pad> It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. endofmessage So I'm a bit protective towards your sister. <pad> It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. endofmessage I think after a while because it was obviously news to us as well and we were sort of you know trying to feel our way with it and it was just an hour or so after the first meeting. <pad> It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. endofmessage And I think after a while you did sort of relax when you maybe I don't know what you thought maybe that that's that was gonna be some sort of prison but obviously it's just a family. <pad> It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. endofmessage Normal family and I felt that you sort of relaxed then you felt well maybe you know it's not going to be too bad for us after all. <pad> It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family. endofmessage Well after the first interview that you. Well, didn't. endofmessage Well interview is not really the right word to use but the first meeting that we had. Well, didn't. endofmessage And you went back and obviously spoke to the social worker because you'd still got a choice about it then and obviously you chose to come here and give it a go. Well, didn't. endofmessage I mean what I mean Angela was acutely aware of that it must be extremely difficult you know to move away from everything that you knew up to that date in your life really. Well, didn't. endofmessage Your family and it was your mother And to move away and coming to a different environment, a different location and another family really. Well, didn't. endofmessage We sort of tried really to put you at ease to make you feel at home to the best of our ability you know, but that road had its ups and downs with it and you can't do that overnight because it is, well I felt it was sort of difficult to sort of adjust to a different family a different location. Well, didn't. endofmessage So really we sort of started to go down that road towards making you as you know as comfortable and as happy as possible. Well, didn't. endofmessage I mean it wasn't always easy because you know you were leaving your mom and you've got a strong relationship with your mom. Well, didn't. endofmessage You know I mean your mom used to come here and I think that that was everybody didn't look on it as you. Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. endofmessage your mom didn't look at it as though somebody else were taking over her children. Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. endofmessage She looked at that it in the way that she knew she couldn't cope. Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. endofmessage But she also would checked out where you were and was making sure that you were okay and because of the work together with your mom and with us and that that also made you feel comfortable because you didn't have to make any choices between your mum or us. Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. endofmessage It was more than enhancing what you've already got and what's the state now is that you're close to your mum, to us and nobody feels threatened in any way as to who you know well sometimes when kids come into care they have to make a choice and it's very difficult for them because they are born with parents but the parents don't like that that bonding. Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. endofmessage So they'll try and disrupt it, but Mark's mum didn't do that. Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. endofmessage And I think that helped an awful lot. Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. endofmessage At what stage were you at when you arrived here? Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. endofmessage You know I mean your mom used to come here and I think that that was everybody didn't look on it as you. <pad> But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. endofmessage your mom didn't look at it as though somebody else were taking over her children. <pad> But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. endofmessage She looked at that it in the way that she knew she couldn't cope. <pad> But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. endofmessage But she also would checked out where you were and was making sure that you were okay and because of the work together with your mom and with us and that that also made you feel comfortable because you didn't have to make any choices between your mum or us. <pad> But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. endofmessage It was more than enhancing what you've already got and what's the state now is that you're close to your mum, to us and nobody feels threatened in any way as to who you know well sometimes when kids come into care they have to make a choice and it's very difficult for them because they are born with parents but the parents don't like that that bonding. <pad> But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. endofmessage So they'll try and disrupt it, but Mark's mum didn't do that. <pad> But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. endofmessage And I think that helped an awful lot. <pad> But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. endofmessage At what stage were you at when you arrived here? <pad> But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. endofmessage You know I mean your mom used to come here and I think that that was everybody didn't look on it as you. <pad>  <pad> I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. endofmessage your mom didn't look at it as though somebody else were taking over her children. <pad>  <pad> I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. endofmessage She looked at that it in the way that she knew she couldn't cope. <pad>  <pad> I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. endofmessage But she also would checked out where you were and was making sure that you were okay and because of the work together with your mom and with us and that that also made you feel comfortable because you didn't have to make any choices between your mum or us. <pad>  <pad> I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. endofmessage It was more than enhancing what you've already got and what's the state now is that you're close to your mum, to us and nobody feels threatened in any way as to who you know well sometimes when kids come into care they have to make a choice and it's very difficult for them because they are born with parents but the parents don't like that that bonding. <pad>  <pad> I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. endofmessage So they'll try and disrupt it, but Mark's mum didn't do that. <pad>  <pad> I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. endofmessage And I think that helped an awful lot. <pad>  <pad> I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. endofmessage At what stage were you at when you arrived here? <pad>  <pad> I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. endofmessage You know I mean your mom used to come here and I think that that was everybody didn't look on it as you. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. endofmessage your mom didn't look at it as though somebody else were taking over her children. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. endofmessage She looked at that it in the way that she knew she couldn't cope. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. endofmessage But she also would checked out where you were and was making sure that you were okay and because of the work together with your mom and with us and that that also made you feel comfortable because you didn't have to make any choices between your mum or us. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. endofmessage It was more than enhancing what you've already got and what's the state now is that you're close to your mum, to us and nobody feels threatened in any way as to who you know well sometimes when kids come into care they have to make a choice and it's very difficult for them because they are born with parents but the parents don't like that that bonding. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. endofmessage So they'll try and disrupt it, but Mark's mum didn't do that. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. endofmessage And I think that helped an awful lot. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. endofmessage At what stage were you at when you arrived here? <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. endofmessage You know I mean your mom used to come here and I think that that was everybody didn't look on it as you. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. endofmessage your mom didn't look at it as though somebody else were taking over her children. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. endofmessage She looked at that it in the way that she knew she couldn't cope. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. endofmessage But she also would checked out where you were and was making sure that you were okay and because of the work together with your mom and with us and that that also made you feel comfortable because you didn't have to make any choices between your mum or us. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. endofmessage It was more than enhancing what you've already got and what's the state now is that you're close to your mum, to us and nobody feels threatened in any way as to who you know well sometimes when kids come into care they have to make a choice and it's very difficult for them because they are born with parents but the parents don't like that that bonding. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. endofmessage So they'll try and disrupt it, but Mark's mum didn't do that. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. endofmessage And I think that helped an awful lot. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. endofmessage At what stage were you at when you arrived here? <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. endofmessage You know I mean your mom used to come here and I think that that was everybody didn't look on it as you. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. endofmessage your mom didn't look at it as though somebody else were taking over her children. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. endofmessage She looked at that it in the way that she knew she couldn't cope. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. endofmessage But she also would checked out where you were and was making sure that you were okay and because of the work together with your mom and with us and that that also made you feel comfortable because you didn't have to make any choices between your mum or us. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. endofmessage It was more than enhancing what you've already got and what's the state now is that you're close to your mum, to us and nobody feels threatened in any way as to who you know well sometimes when kids come into care they have to make a choice and it's very difficult for them because they are born with parents but the parents don't like that that bonding. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. endofmessage So they'll try and disrupt it, but Mark's mum didn't do that. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. endofmessage And I think that helped an awful lot. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. endofmessage At what stage were you at when you arrived here? <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. endofmessage Mm hmm. And she she came in and she got on really well with Angela. endofmessage Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. And she she came in and she got on really well with Angela. endofmessage Mm hmm. <pad> I mean she got on with you as well I mean when we went for contact it wasn't just like "there you go the kids" or "there's the budget" or whatever it was like "how is everything going" "how are things with you?" endofmessage Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. <pad> I mean she got on with you as well I mean when we went for contact it wasn't just like "there you go the kids" or "there's the budget" or whatever it was like "how is everything going" "how are things with you?" endofmessage Mm hmm. <pad>  <pad> - it was a conversation it wasn't just like two people just given the kids over giving whatever over, it was like a little conversation and it was just like dropping us off to see a family member it was like dropping us off to go see a nan or something. endofmessage Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. <pad>  <pad> - it was a conversation it wasn't just like two people just given the kids over giving whatever over, it was like a little conversation and it was just like dropping us off to see a family member it was like dropping us off to go see a nan or something. endofmessage Mm hmm. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> Well really it was my mum, but other than that it was just so easy. endofmessage Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> Well really it was my mum, but other than that it was just so easy. endofmessage I mean I feel that she didn't desert you in any way shape or form. It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. endofmessage I mean I think that she did what she felt was best for you at that time which must have been very very difficult for her very difficult and she sort of worked with us as an extended family group and kept contact with you both, you and your sister and she sort of gave permission really for you to attach to us. It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. endofmessage She didn't make it difficult for us and that helped us to no end. It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. endofmessage And it's it's helped you as well I think. It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. endofmessage I mean I feel that she didn't desert you in any way shape or form. <pad> She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". endofmessage I mean I think that she did what she felt was best for you at that time which must have been very very difficult for her very difficult and she sort of worked with us as an extended family group and kept contact with you both, you and your sister and she sort of gave permission really for you to attach to us. <pad> She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". endofmessage She didn't make it difficult for us and that helped us to no end. <pad> She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". endofmessage And it's it's helped you as well I think. <pad> She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you". endofmessage I think it was the best decision she could have made for you and I think in a sense whats happened now is that as you've got older she's still your family, she's still your mother. Hey dad, let's talk about your childhood, I’ve always been curious endofmessage You only get one mother in this life and you've still got contact with her, you still go back to visit her. Hey dad, let's talk about your childhood, I’ve always been curious endofmessage That that is a good thing. Hey dad, let's talk about your childhood, I’ve always been curious endofmessage Absolutely beyond a shadow of a doubt. Hey dad, let's talk about your childhood, I’ve always been curious endofmessage That is a good thing because you've you've got us as family but you've also got your mum as family - your birth mother. Hey dad, let's talk about your childhood, I’ve always been curious endofmessage And like I say in truth you only get one. Hey dad, let's talk about your childhood, I’ve always been curious endofmessage I’m not entirely sure, maybe because I had that when I was younger? yes I know, but honestly I feel as though you just assumed I had to learn that stuff at way too young of an age endofmessage you know it was always a struggle for me to accept that you were growing up in a big city like London, with so much at your disposal, including a middle class family like, I had nothing, and you had everything handed to you. yes I know, but honestly I feel as though you just assumed I had to learn that stuff at way too young of an age endofmessage I feel as though it was such an integral part of my education to have to fend for myself yes I know, but honestly I feel as though you just assumed I had to learn that stuff at way too young of an age endofmessage Yes, and I was part of the communist party for a while too, we all grew up as a very socialist family, giving everything we had, even if we needed it. why? endofmessage This is something that’s lacking today I think. why? endofmessage Your grandpa used to bring home homeless people all the time, it used to drive your grandma insane! why? endofmessage That math tutor sure was worth it. <pad> I want to do things differently If you ever hear me begin to say ‘Because I said so’ you gotta just slap me and remind me how much I hated hearing it growing up.” endofmessage Uh-huh. <pad> Here’s my thing. endofmessage Uh-huh. <pad>  <pad> I mean, kids are going to test you. endofmessage Uh-huh. <pad>  <pad>  <pad> Shit, Dad. endofmessage Uh-huh. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> I just did not two seconds ago. endofmessage Uh-huh. <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad>  <pad> At least when they’re a certain age, you gotta set ‘em straight, right? endofmessage Okay. Being happy? endofmessage I’m gonna get a chair. Being happy? endofmessage I’d prefer not to sit on that bed for obvious reasons. Being happy? endofmessage In the meantime, please do it. Being happy? endofmessage Begin it. Being happy? endofmessage Do something to exhibit you heard her earlier and want to make her happy. Being happy? endofmessage She likes that. Being happy? endofmessage Often we'd sit and have nothing to discuss and it's only actually after he's passed away that I then think of those points that I'd like to question him about or perhaps discuss with him. From your school period? endofmessage I'm not that good at small talk. From your school period? endofmessage Well I find that in certain social situations and I think you've observed it particularly when I'm among other Nigerians. From your school period? endofmessage Then I suppose a different part of my character emerges that is actually looking back to a time in my life when - From your school period? endofmessage Yes and she would like to have had the same degree of I suppose interaction from a conversation point of view but then I suppose that's one of the differences between men and women as well. <pad> We should probably make more of an effort. endofmessage Yes and she would like to have had the same degree of I suppose interaction from a conversation point of view but then I suppose that's one of the differences between men and women as well. <pad>  <pad> I mean not that we shouldn't have made more of an effort with grandpa but with grandma being on her own I don't want her to be sort of cut off in in sense endofmessage And you know sometimes if I don’t raise my voice, I just don't get listened to. Most of the time when you don't shout, we hear you but people do choose to ignore you. endofmessage And then it turns into usually if I don't raise my voice and then eventually turns into if I never raise my voice I never get heard. Most of the time when you don't shout, we hear you but people do choose to ignore you. endofmessage 