son:  Hey dad, let's talk about your childhood, I’ve always been curious


father:  You know I was never as good of a kid as you


son:  I know, you’ve always mentioned


father:  I think it was different growing up in a smaller city


son:  Probably, growing up in London is a bit of a weird one


father:  In what way?


son:  I don’t know, you sort of get used to having so many things and people around you


father:  That makes sense, honestly I was always just looking for something to pass the time


son:  Like what?


father:  So there was this one time where I actually blew the roof off of my house


son:  What? I remember this story vaguely!


father:  What happened was I got this science kit of my birthday


son:  The crappy ones you can buy in a toy shop?


father:  Yes! But what I did was I collected the same chemical over and over again from different pharmacies to get enough to make the explosion enormous


son:  … And you blew the roof off of your house?


father:  well, a hole yes - but my parents were so poor, we lived with a hole in our roof for months


son:  what did your parents say?


father:  they were both so angry, but my parents had a lot of love for me I think, so it was fine in the end


son:  was this in winter?


father:  thankfully not, it did get quite cold though at times


father:  you know I do think back to those times very fondly however, they were good times. Life was more simple, but maybe that’s just how it is as a kid no?


son:  yep, I remember everything being so much easier. Remember when I used to wake up and watch cartoons on a saturday and you used to make pancakes?


father:  those were so good!


son:  I remember the smell the most, and the feeling of the warm sun coming through the windows


father:  remember all the plants we used to have?


son:  of course!


father:  it was always important for me to have you grow up around plants


son:  really? Why?


father:  I’m not entirely sure, maybe because I had that when I was younger? you know it was always a struggle for me to accept that you were growing up in a big city like London, with so much at your disposal, including a middle class family


father: like, I had nothing, and you had everything handed to you. I feel as though it was such an integral part of my education to have to fend for myself


son:  yes I know, but honestly I feel as though you just assumed I had to learn that stuff at way too young of an age


father:  what do you mean?


son:  well it’s just I remember when you used to force me to go out and get stuff from the shops when it was dark, or getting something from your motorbike when I was really young. It was scary.


father:  Yeah I know, probably not the best move


son:  Like I know that you wanted me to be more ‘streetwise’ but honestly I was like ten years old, I’m sure it would have come more naturally.


father:  I know, I’m sorry… I do think about these things a lot. I really just didn’t know sometimes


son:  it’s ok, honestly I’m really way over it now


father:  I’m glad


son:  what was your father like to you?


father:  I loved him so much, it was so difficult when I was growing up as I said, we have nothing. My dad tried and tried to make our life better but it was difficult sometimes.


son:  In what sense?


father:  Well, we never really got the holidays you get now, the food, etc…


son:  Yes, but having all this doesn’t make me love you more or less? Surely it would be the same with you and your dad?


father:  Oh yes, completely. I think I even loved him more, or love him more now because I understand the effort he put into making our life better.


son:  He was a communist wasn’t he?


father:  Yes, and I was part of the communist party for a while too, we all grew up as a very socialist family, giving everything we had, even if we needed it. This is something that’s lacking today I think. Your grandpa used to bring home homeless people all the time, it used to drive your grandma insane!


son:  why?


father:  to be honest, you know how caring and giving I am to others, honestly I’m too trustworthy a lot of the time, but I’m sort of on your grandma’s side for this one. There was this one incident…


son:  an incident?


father:  Yeah, so basically grandpa brought this homeless guy home to sleep in our house. Now bare in mind that we basically didn’t even have space for your uncle and I


son:  Yeah…


father:  anyways so we wake up and this guy is gone. Nothing unusual, he’s spent the night and that’s that right?


son:  Yep


father:  Well, we go into the bathroom and the guy literally smeared shit all over the walls. Poor grandpa had to clean it all up…


son:  Oh man… yeah that’s rough, I’m not sure I would have had the courage to clean that up


father:  Trust me, with the wrath of your grandma, he had to have the courage


son:  it’s sad, you know I never really knew grandpa, but yet I still sort of miss him quite a bit, from time to time


father:  well, he was there when you were younger and my god did he love you and your sister


son:  I know, I remember a few things.


father:  Like what?


son:  well, I have really clear memories of Chateau Lignan, where we used to go on holiday sometimes in the south of France


father:  Oh yeah, those were some really good holidays


son:  anyways he would come and visit us sometimes, and bring Lola and I presents and I remember being this snotty stupid kid and never appreciating his gifts


father:  What do you mean?


son:  Well, I mean I would smile and say thank you and be all nice, but inside I would just really remember thinking that they were shit gifts. Like colouring books and pencils etc


father:  Yes, but he was always so out of touch with you guys and literally had no money to spend on you


son:  I know! I know, honestly I have cried about this now. I see how beautiful of a gesture it was now and how amazing of a man he was.


father:  He really was…


son:  I now wear the gold chain that he gifted me once


father:  Wait he gifted you a gold chain?


son:  yeah!


father:  Lucas, do you realise that he probably spent all of what he had for a month on that?


son:  I do, you have no idea, this is the kind of stuff that makes me wish I had had more time to get to know him


father:  Yes, I mean that’s my fault too


son:  Anyways, so he gifted me this thin gold chain with a guitar pendant on it and I recently found it again about a year ago and I never take it off!


father:  No way, yeah I remember seeing that around your neck and taking the piss because you look like a gangster


son:  Well it’s grandpas! I took off the guitar pendant and it never comes off of my neck


father:  That’s really sweet, I bet that he would be so happy to hear that


son:  I hope, honestly I regret a lot of things when it comes to him.


father:  Do you remember when Lola and I bought him his new dog?


son: Oh yes! Well I wasn’t there but I certainly remember the story. He cried didn’t he?


father:  Yes, I mean he was always quite an emotional man, I really respected that in him


son:  Yeah, I think the older I get, the more I respect people that can tap into their emotions


father:  I think we’re both getting better at that


son:  Yeah definitely
