father:  You know, I’m really glad that you’re cycling now instead of taking the tube. Not only is it cheaper but you’re getting your exercise in!


son:  Yes I know… You’ve always said this to me, I’m really glad as it’s saving me money but I don’t think I’ll ever really get into cycling as a sport that I want to do


father:  I know, you’ve never really been interested have you?


son:  Not at all, I think it’s because it was such a big part of my life when I was younger because of you that I just got bored of it eventually


father:  I know, that’s sort of my fault.


son:  It’s fine, I mean it was fun for a while, but eventually I just wanted to stay home and watch cartoons you know?


father:  I know, I’m sorry, I feel as though a lot of the stuff I did when you were younger was selfish


son:  No it wasn’t, I mean you couldn’t have known?


father:  It was easier when your sister was born because I already knew what I was doing to a certain extent


son:  Yes, but for me it got harder with you, especially after the divorce really…


father:  How?


son:  Well everything changed and it became very difficult to deal with everything. I mean I felt like I had to suddenly grow up. It wasn’t fair


father:  I know, I think I’ve always known but I never really talked to you about it


son:  It’s ok, it’s in the past now, but honestly it was really difficult.


father:  It was a difficult time for me too, your mum leaving me wasn’t fun in any way


son:  I know that but I was so young and I didn’t really know what was happening


father:  I know I’m sorry


son:  And I didn’t know how to react, who to trust, what to do…


father:  What do you mean who to trust?


son:  Well, I felt like you guys were creating sides in a sense, like as if I had to pick one


father:  I never really felt that way


son:  Really? Are you sure? Because you used to tell me some stuff about mum which was clearly untrue and then I would side with you for a while. It really fucked with my head


father:  Like what?


son:  Well, that she smoked cigarettes, so as I was young and impressionable I saw that as this horrible this and it stressed me out for months thinking she was going to die


father:  Look, I was in a bad place ok? I’m sorry


son:  Yes I know, I guess I’m just brining this up because we’re having this conversation now but I’m not holding any grudges really


father:  Are you sure?


son:  Yeah I think so, I mean I can’t really know what’s going on, deep down in my subconscious but I really don’t think I ever see you badly really


father:  I’m really thankful for that


son:  Yeah, well I mean you still piss me off sometimes


father:  And you still piss me off sometimes!


son:  Do you remember when we used to get into those crazy arguments when I was younger?


father:  I do, when you were about 16?


son:  Yeah damn, we really didn’t get along around that time


father:  Yeah I guess that’s because you were my first experience with raising a teenager. I have thicker skin with your sister now


son:  No dad, I also think it’s because we have clashing personalities


father:  Oh really, in what way?


son:  Well, I mean clashing and similar at the same time actually?


father:  What your obsessive nature?


son:  Yeah my obsessive nature, the way I obsess over everything. How everything needs to be my way, or I sort of internally freak out. I know what I want basically. I also feel like I have slight OCD from you honestly


father:  I don’t have OCD?


son:  Oh man, yes you do. Cleaning the floor twice a day and hoovering at 8am? That’s obsessive compulsive


father:  I just like keeping the house clean


son:  I know you do, and I commend that. It’s taught me to do the same with my place now, but my god it would bother me when I was younger


father:  I know


son:  Like for example the way you’d go nuts if we walked on the floor with our bare feet?


father:  Yeah


son:  I mean it was literally our house, I needed to wear slippers everywhere


father:  That floor was special though, it was some kind of weird white resin that got dirty super fast


son:  Yeah but anyways I don’t think it was just that, I think that a lot of my childhood consisted of just listening to you with my tail between my legs and when I hit sixteen I kind of just wanted to do my own thing


father:  Like any sixteen year old


son:  Yes I know but I mean that’s why we clashed so much, I just didn’t accept most of what you said or wanted me to do anymore


father:  I remember


son:  Just silly stuff, I think I started rebelling against that and just getting angry in general… Like those damn vegetables.


father:  You never liked your vegetables Lucas, come on…


son:  I did, I don’t know what that obsession was with you that I didn’t


father:  What?


son:  It’s almost as if you felt like you wanted to find something that bothered you about me


father:  No not at all, I mean I just wanted the best for your health


son:  Yes but I very clearly ate all the vegetables that were on my plate


father:  Well, what about salad huh?


son:  You know that I just never liked salad, it’s that simple


father:  Or tomatoes?


son:  Yes ok fine, or tomatoes, but I felt like you would literally make those things so that I would not eat them and then you could complain


father:  oh come on, I was never that petty


son:  Fine, but that’s how I felt


father:  Honestly I was just scared for your health, that’s all.


son:  But see! That’s what I mean… I probably ate better than most kids, but you needed me to eat everything otherwise it pissed you off… It’s like the thing with the damn phones!


father:  The phones?


son:  Yeah the phones, you got obsessed with the idea that I was constantly on my phone


father:  But again… you were constantly on your phone weren’t you?


son:  No, I mean sure I was on it a decent amount


father:  Yeah you were


son:  Yeah, but look it was the age I think


father:  It all started with that damn iPod touch that everyone wanted at your age


son:  Oh yeah! Do you remember how much I wanted that thing?


father:  Definitely, Diego got one first didn’t he?


son:  Yep, I was so damn jealous…


father:  But I got you one for christmas that year!


son:  You did, it was such an amazing gift. I remember playing on it for hours


father:  That’s when you started spending so much time on your devices!


son:  Yes, but it was a whole new world for me. To be able to download any games was amazing.


father:  I never really understood that


son:  Understood what?


father:  The whole gaming thing


son:  What do you mean?


father:  What was so attractive about gaming on a small screen?


son:  I don’t know, to be honest I was never allowed a console from you and mum so it was basically my first console.


father:  That’s true! You never got that Nintendo DS that you wanted so badly


son:  Oh man, I never wanted something more in my life… I wanted it more than that tiger toy I ask for Christmas when we were on holiday


father:  Your mum would have been so angry at me if I would have bought you a Nintendo DS


son:  I know. I clearly remember looking at them in shops and imagining all the things I could do and how I could try and buy myself one


father:  That’s cute, I remember wanting things like that as a kid too


son:  Like what?


father:  Well there was bicycle that I wanted more than anything when I was a kid


son:  That’s such a pre-naughties present to want


father:  It really is, no one asks for bicycles anymore


son:  I mean I would definitely want a new bike now


father:  Sure, but when you were a kid all you wanted was mario kart or whatever


son:  True.


father:  Anyways, what I was trying to say was that I was obsessed with my phone for a while, because it was so exciting to me when I first got one.


son:  I know


father:  Yes, but then that interest died off after a year and you kept pestering my every single time I got a text


son:  Well yes, because you would literally get a text every single second of the day


father:  See, that’s not true. I would get a text and even if I didn’t look at it you would get annoyed that I got that text for some reason


son:  Ok, maybe we were a bit overbearing with all that technology stuff.


father:  I do remember however the first ipod you and mum got me!


son:  Really?


father:  Yes it was this tiny one and it was for my birthday. You told me you had a surprise and we took the bus to this shopping centre where you let me pick one out


son:  Oh yes, of course - I remember that! You were so damn happy


father:  I really was, especially because I was only starting to get into music back then and it was the new cool thing to do


son:  What have an ipod?


father:  Yeah, I guess, but like collect music, be an angsty rock kid etc


son:  I remember that stage, your damn black skinny jeans


father:  Not too sure what was going on there in that phase of my life.


son:  I remember you saying that you’d never wear anything else than black skinny jeans


father:  I truly believed that though


son:  Well look at you now! No skinny jeans…


father:  Thank goodness for that huh?


son:  But I clearly remember really wanting to be angsty and grunge, when truthfully that just wasn’t me


father:  Every kid goes through that, yours wasn’t too bad


son:  Did you go through that?


father:  I’m not too sure, I mean I remember wanting to be like my brother but I’m not too sure if there was a certain ‘group’ I wanted to belong to


son:  I’m not sure if I was trying to belong to a certain group, I think my friends did and I just wanted to be like them I guess


father:  Which friends?


son:  Like PJ and Max. They were so into their music, they loved playing guitar etc


father:  Oh yeah, that was about the time where you had asked for a guitar and I got you one but you never played it, not even once?


son:  Sounds about right…


father:  It was such a beautiful electric guitar too. Did you ever even take a lesson?


son:  I don't think so


father:  Such a shame!


son:  I know, I do regret it.


father:  You were never too good at the cello though


son:  That’s true, but I really hated it, plus I was forced to play it at school


father:  I think you were too young to appreciate it


son:  Probably yes.  I do also regret not getting into skateboarding really


father:  No you were good! I remember


son:  That’s not true, that’s just the father in you talking. I couldn’t do any tricks!


father:  We got you some lessons though?


son:  Yes, but I don’t know, it’s just one of those hundreds of things I thought I would love doing and then ended up getting bored of…


father:  You never got bored of your computer though!


son:  Yes I know… I was a bit of a geeky kid, literally the opposite of you


father:  No! I didn’t mean it like that, I’m so proud of you. You always help me with my computer and you’re all self taught!


son:  I mean yes, but most people of my generation know how to use a computer correctly


father:  I know, but I’m still proud of you


son:  Thanks dad
