father:  Often we'd sit and have nothing to discuss and it's only actually after he's passed away that I then think of those points that I'd like to question him about or perhaps discuss with him. I'm not that good at small talk. Well I find that in certain social situations and I think you've observed it particularly when I'm among other Nigerians. Then I suppose a different part of my character emerges that is actually looking back to a time in my life when --


son:  From your school period?


father:  Yeah and I wouldn't normally talk about things like I suppose experiences…


son:   With grandpa is there stuff that you wish you spoke to to him about then?


father:  Yes quite a lot. At the time I wouldn't really know what to talk about.


son:  I was just surprised to hear you say that there was stuff you needed to talk about, you know? because in my opinion it was quite hard to try and get conversation from him.


father:  I mean it's interesting that you say that as well that it was it was difficult to get him to... to converse.


son:  Yeah


father:  And if you actually got him on a subject that he enjoyed then he would talk at length on other things he wouldn't talk very much. So whereas your grandmother it's different. She likes to talk and I don't think she'd mind


son:  Both of them to be fair


father:  Yes and she would like to have had the same degree of I suppose interaction from a conversation point of view but then I suppose that's one of the differences between men and women as well.


son:  I think it probably didn't help him in the long scheme of things as they're married and as they get closer, Grandma became more of the spokesperson of the couple which probably led to a less communicative grandpa, but with grandma as well especially now that she's on her own she's more isolated. We should probably make more of an effort. I mean not that we shouldn't have made more of an effort with grandpa but with grandma being on her own I don't want her to be sort of cut off in in sense
