son:  Villa Zola?


father:  Yes


son:  I thought you had another name for it no?


father:  Well we called it Villa Paradou, but it was already taken.


son:  What taken by someone around there?


father:  Yeah, yeah... twice!


son:  Really?


father:  Yeah. Paradou is a famous name


son:  I know but I didn't realise to that degree. Are you still going to name the garden Paradou?


father:  Maybe yeah.


son:  We could name the garden 'Le Paradou'. I thought that was the idea, because I thought you were going to scape the garden as a paradise sort of thing


father:  Yeah yeah


son:  So what's 'paradou' again? It's paradise right?


father:  Yes


son:  But in a book?


father:  Yes, but maybe in another dialect


son:  Oh I thought it was a fictional name


father:  I don't know, probably. It could be a fictional name as well


son:  How did you find out that there were another two villas?


father:  We went to the internet, we wanted to register the company and we realised that it was already taken.


son:  Oh


father:  And it's taken by a place in Czech Republic as well - there's quite a lot


son:  But surely you can change it slight?


father:  I mean we could have but if people had looked us up, as it is around here it wouldn't have been a good idea


son:  Oh yeah


father:  But I quite like 'Villa Zola'


son:  Villa Zola


father:  And there is a reason, because in Zola there is Paradou... There's a bit of a story there that we can use


son:  I guess yeah. I mean Villa Zola, it kind of rolls of the tongue, it's nice


father:  Well that's good!


son:  Yeah yeah


father:  Zola - It might be difficult for Japanese people, they'll say Villa 'Zora'


son:  :  Steven's family is Chinese


father:  :  Who?


son:  :  You know, Steven my housemate


father:  :  Oh yeah


son:  :  We were staying at his house in Paris


father:  :  Are they Chinese?


son:  :  Yeah yeah, well Chinese and Vietnamese, but Steven has always lived in Paris or London, so he's not really Chinese I guess.


father:  :  But the parents speak Vietnamese?


son:  :  Well the mum is single but the grandparents mostly speak Chinese. So we got there and it was culturally so strange.


father:  :  I'm sure


son:  :  They had fish tanks and the grandmother cooks for like three hours and she just feeds you and feeds you


father:  :  Oh gosh


son:  But it was amazing


father:  Yeah? Lucky you!


son:  It was so good, but yeah the grandmother is essentially there to serve basically, she was a really lovely lady, Chloe and I bought her flowers


father:   Chloe was there as well?


son:  Yeah - me, Chloe and Steven.


father:  Why didn't you invite Chloe and Steven here?


son:  I know I know! This is what we were talking about afterwards, because I didn't realise. I booked Paris and them realised Lola was coming at the same time as me to Nice. I thought that it was the perfect time to come. However by that time the others had booked to go back to their home countries.


father:  Ahh well, next time?


son:  Yeah! But we wouldn't have had the space anyways, no?


father:  Yeah, there's always space!


son:  Yeah?


father:  Always!


son:  They would have loved to!


father:  You think?


son:  Yes, they'll come next time for sure… but yeah, so she just made us eat all the time.


father:  Next time we'll have an extra bedroom as well and in the living room there will be a sofa bed.


son:  Oh really?


father:  Yeah and in Yoko's office there is a sofa bed as well.


son:  Oh really?


father:  Yeah yeah


son:  Are you going to remove one of the sofas in the living room then?


father:  No, no - no the living room downstairs, in the flat


son:  Oh


father:  We're buying a sofa bed


son:  A double sofa bed?


father:  Yes


son:  What was I saying? Oh yeah so it was super weird, I don't mean weird - it was wonderful to stay there, it was just so strange and it was in Montreuil, so relatively far out. and they have this massive house!


father:  Oh yeah?


son:  With like a hangar attached to it


father:  A hangar?


son:  Yeah like a plane hangar, kind of thing


father:  I don't understand what a hangar is


son:  Like a hangar - h, a, n, g, a, r


father:  Hangar!


son:  Yeah


father:  But that's not an English word?


son:  It is, it is


father:  Really?


son:  Yeah, like plane hangars, like basically a big warehouse kind of thing


father:  Oh!


son:  And they've got a huge one attached to their house


father:  Wow


son:  Like in Paris! So basically the grandpa, when he came from China, he started a bunch of businesses and made some money and bought the house and the hangar. He's sort of just hoarded all of it and doesn't want anyone to touch it or to sell it. So he just has rows of sewing machines, random machines, rows of t-shirts, of cigarette packets.


father:  What does he do with all this stuff then?


son:  Nothing! Nothing!


father:  But why has he got that?


son:  Because it's just like, a bunch of businesses he used to have


father:  Ah yes yes


son:  Failed businesses... He was the kind of guy that would go to the market and like flip a thousand cigarettes that he bought for a good price you know? He owned two restaurants at one point too... It's just so ridiculously big and it's two stories! He doesn't even want to build on it.


father:  Gosh


son:  And Steven's mum is thinking that she's sitting on a gold mine and it really annoys her


father:  Yes definitely.


son:  They've got millions there! And he just doesn't want anyone to touch it


father:  How old is he?


son:  He must be very old. I didn't actually meet him, he was away actually. I'm thinking that because Steven's mum is in property, it must be so frustrating for her


father:  Yeah yeah of course


son:  But the are is quite up and coming and they've just installed the Boris bike equivalent in front of the house, which means that they want it to be more connected to the city.


father:  That's good!


son:  Yeah it is, but they're really sitting on millions


father:  Yeah, yeah. Well, his mum will have it soon


son: Yeah I guess, bit of a harsh way to put it though


father: To develop it!


son:  But I think it should be flats honestly. I should have taken a picture for you. There's a huge courtyard in the middle.


Father: And their house is very Chinese?


son: Very


father:  Like red carpets and things like that?


son:  There's no carpets


father:  Lampoons, red lights?


son:  I mean they have whale skins


father:  Whale skins?


son:  Yes, because when you get get married in China, you traditionally get gifted whale skin.


father:  Really?


son:  And so you keep it. His grandmother has kept this whale skin for like sixty years of something


father:  I didn't know that!


son:  They also have some kind of shrine with pictures and they put oranges there and they constantly light candles


father:  What type of religion are they?


son:  I'm not sure because Steven is not religious so I wouldn't know


father:  It's uh


son:  Buddhist?


father:  Yeah Buddhist I'm sure


son:  I think so, maybe, I don't know. They have an industrial kitchen as well! Like metal worktops etc


father:  Did you have your own bedroom?


son:  No - Steven, Chloe and I shared a bedroom, but we all had pullout beds so it was nice. I slept very well. Anyways where are we going to dinner tomorrow?


father:  We can't because Martha is coming


 son:  We can't go to dinner?


father:  Sorry?


son:  What time is Martha coming?


father:  I don't know but I need to go pick her up at the airport


son:  I'll come with you


father:  No, no... You need to work


son:  Yeah but it will give us some good time to have a conversation


father:  Oh yeah, yeah, are you taping this?


son:  Oh that's why you're speaking English


father: No, I was just answering you in the same language


son:  I thought you were making an effort. So the more you speak the better


father:  Oh ok


son:  So the way it works is that, so I record this audio


father:  yeah?


son:  and then I have a program that transcribes it to text, so it will be able to tell who you are and who I am


father:  and you've done that yourself?


son:  No, no, that's way too difficult. This exists, it's like a paying program. It's used by journalists and stuff. So I'm sure Yoko has used it before. In fact she might have a version that I can use


father:  Oh yes, of course


son:  And so, then it transcribes it to text and then each sentence in the conversation it has to be laid out like a play. So, the son talks, then the father talks, then the son talks, etc. The artificial intelligence that is being built for me will then read it and know when the father is talking and when the son is talking. It will then be able to learn and understand what a conversation between and son and father is. It needs twenty-thousand sentences to learn however.


father:  What?! That's insane! Well, to be honest now that I think of it, it goes quite quickly no?

son:  No, No... I thought it would but it really doesn't

father:  Really?

son:  Like I found a lot of archived BBC material

father:  Oh that's great for the project!
