son: Well I was nervous to start with, I mean obviously it's changed from everything that has been there for now up and it's been kind of like having machines built and watered until you saw the door you were it's all holding Lucy back. And I thought yes a dog wicked but then I mean to be fair the first day you you were quiet but you generally are... it kind of put me at ease because usually with like everything that I'd experience, there was always a bloke shouting or screaming fucking always taking control whereas you were relaxed and laid back - different to what I had experienced so that actually put me at ease enough to make me feel more comfortable instantly.


father:  Well when you first came here I mean through the door on the very first day, firstly, what it was is that we wasn't actually warned that you was coming. What it was that we was told that the social worker was coming round just to discuss with us about you coming and when I seen you come through the door I looked and I thought Well social workers are getting younger and younger. And you came up the stairs and it was obviously you and your sister here together and the very first impressions that I got was that your sister was out of her depth and and quite a bit frightened and that you'd sort of step forward as as the as the as the the big brother. And you was going to take on this responsibility of coming here and making sure that everything was okay for you and your sister. So I'm a bit protective towards your sister. I think after a while because it was obviously new to us as well and we were sort of you know trying to feel our way with it and it was just an hour or so after the first meeting. And I think after a while you did sort of relax when you maybe I don't know what you thought maybe that that's that was gonna be some sort of prison but obviously it's just a family. Normal family and I felt that you sort of relaxed then you felt well maybe you know it's not going to be too bad for us after all.


son:  Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family.


father:  Well after the first interview that you... Well interview is not really the right word to use but the first meeting that we had. And you went back and obviously spoke to the social worker because you'd still got a choice about it then and obviously you chose to come here and give it a go. I mean what I mean Angela was acutely aware of that it must be extremely difficult you know to move away from everything that you knew up to that date in your life really.  Your family and it was your mother And to move away and coming to a different environment, a different location and another family really. We sort of tried really to put you at ease to make you feel at home to the best of our ability you know, but that road  had its ups and downs with it and you can't do that overnight because it is, well I felt it was sort of difficult to sort of adjust to a different family a different location. So really we sort of started to go down that road towards making you as you know as comfortable and as happy as possible. I mean it wasn't always easy because you know you were leaving your mom and you've got a strong relationship with your mom.


son: Well, didn't.


father:  Well you know your mom had got to a point that she couldn't cope anymore and what happened was, I mean because mom became part of the family as well didn't she.


son: Yeah.


father:  You know I mean your mom used to come here and I think that that was everybody didn't look on it as you... your mom didn't look at it as though somebody else were taking over her children. She looked at that it in the way that she knew she couldn't cope. But she also would checked out where you were and was making sure that you were okay and because of the work together with your mom and with us and that that also made you feel comfortable because you didn't have to make any choices between your mum or us. It was more than enhancing what you've already got and what's the state now is that you're close to your mum, to us and nobody feels threatened in any way as to who you know well sometimes when kids come into care they have to make a choice and it's very difficult for them because they are born with parents but the parents don't like that that bonding. So they'll try and disrupt it, but Mark's mum didn't do that. And I think that helped an awful lot. At what stage were you at when you arrived here?


son: Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided.


father:  Mm hmm. Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together.


son: And she she came in and she got on really well with Angela. I mean she got on with you as well I mean when we went for contact  it wasn't just like "there you go the kids" or "there's the budget" or whatever it was like "how is everything going" "how are things with you?" - it was a conversation it wasn't just like two people just given the kids over giving whatever over, it was like a little conversation and it was just like dropping us off to see a family member it was like dropping us off to go see a nan or something. Well really it was my mum, but other than that it was just so easy.


father:  I mean I feel that she didn't desert you in any way shape or form. I mean I think that she did what she felt was best for you at that time which must have been very very difficult for her very difficult and she sort of worked with us as an extended family group and kept contact with you both, you and your sister and she sort of gave permission really for you to attach to us. She didn't make it difficult for us and that helped us to no end. And it's it's helped you as well I think.


son: It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you".


father:  I think it was the best decision she could have made for you and I think in a sense whats happened now is that as you've got older she's still your family, she's still your mother. You only get one mother in this life and you've still got contact with her, you still go back to visit her. That that is a good thing. Absolutely beyond a shadow of a doubt. That is a good thing because you've you've got us as family but you've also got your mum as family - your birth mother. And like I say in truth you only get one.
