father:  Have you seen the news?
 
son:  No why? 


father:  Bloody Theresa May 


son:  Oh yeah, with the whole new update on Brexit 


father:  Yeah, we’re screwed aren’t we?


son:  Well who knows where it will go from here


father:  What do you mean? 


son:  Well this stuff keeps on changing 


father:  I know


son:  Well it's not just that, I mean no one seems to be coming to a decision


father:  Rightly so no? Doesn’t feel like anyone wants to leave Europe at this point… 


son:  Yeah huge mistake 


father:  Did you hear about how the most searched query on on Google the day after the vote was “what is Europe?”


son:  No way? 


father:  Yeah, how crazy is that? So many people voted without even knowing… 


son:  There was so much propaganda around it as well, in the sense that people were purposefully misinformed 


father:  I know, just horrible 


son:  I feel as though we’re turning into the US in the news 


father:  How so? 


son:  I don’t know, I mean all the negative politics over there… I feel like they’re seeping their way into the UK 


father:  Oh I know what you mean yes, but you know its a cycle 


son:  What, the cycle of left to right? 


father:  So politics basically always seem to go from left to right


son:  I know. People get angry at the right, want change and they’ll vote more left-wing etc


father:  That’s all we’re seeing really. To be honest a lot of these right-wing politics come from fear you know? 


son:  Yeah, but the issue is, is that it’s dangerous? 


father:  Well of course it’s dangerous 


son:  Have you seen anything like this happen before? 


father:  Well World War Two, but I wasn’t there


son:  No I mean in your time, was there anything really politically messed up like this? Like Trump? 


father:  Yeah sure, I mean this stuff alway happen you know… 


son:  I guess yeah 


father:  But honestly don’t worry about it too much, it happens and then it goes away and it comes back 


son:  I’m just scared of the lasting effects that people like Trump are having on our environment… 


father:  Ahh yes, that’s something we don’t talk about a lot


son:  Indeed, and to be honest, that’s what’s going to screw us over the most. 


father:  So true 


son:  Maybe not you or your generation, but mine… 


father:  Well it’s already affecting us all


son:  Yes but think about my children for example, what’s going to happen with them? 


father:  I don’t want to think about that!


son:  I know you’re joking, but these things… they need to be said! 


father:  Oh I know, you know how serious I am about this stuff 


son:   I know, I know. I didn’t mean that you weren’t


father:  Yoko and I are really starting to do our bit too! 


son:  Oh really? 


father:  Well you know how she is, Green Peace and all 


son:  Absolutely 


father:  Anyways, so we’re installing solar panels on our roof in the new house 


son:  Oh no way! That’s going to be so great. I don’t get why more people don’t do it! 


father:  Do you realise how much they are? 


son:  Yes I know, but worth it in the long run no? 


father:  Well yes, but people mostly think short-term


son:  Isn’t it true as well that you can sell back what you don’t use to the government 


father:  Yes, but you wouldn’t really make that much money on that 


son:  But imagine if everyone would do it, it would literally change everything 


father:  I know, it’s such a simple act and so revolutionary. It should absolutely be built into every house 


son:  What about in countries without enough sun?


father:  Well you would have to run your whole house just on solar power, you could just power some of it 


son:  Yeah that makes sense, it would make such a difference! 


father:  And countries like Australia… imagine! 


son:  Oh, it’s just such a shame… 


father:  Yes, but what can we do 


son:  I’m just sad about things like how my children will never be able to see the Barrier Reef you know? 


father:  Yes, there’s so many beautiful places that will be irreversibly damaged. It’s heartbreaking. 


son:  Well, I guess it’s Mars next eh? 


father:  Oh come on, Mars won’t actually be a thing will it? 


son:  Oh course! It’s not just some made up thing, it’s a very serious thing 


father:  So you’re telling me, that we’re going to be living on Mars soon? 


son:  Well not soon, not even in our lifetime, well not even in mine 


father:  So when? 


son:  Well I don’t know, but the thing is, we’re sending people up there to terraform the landscape 


father:  Terraform? 


son:  Yeah, so basically we’re going to make the landscape inhabitable 


father:  Inhabitable, you mean habitable? 


son:  Yeah sorry - habitable 


father:  How exactly are they going to do that?


son:  Well the thing is, there isn’t an atmosphere, but conditions are close to ours 


father:  In what way? 


son:  Well, there’s frozen water, the temperatures aren’t extremely hostile like other planets


father:  There’s frozen water? 


son:  Yes! How cool is that? And they recently found water craters


father:  No way? 


son:  Yes, honestly this kind of stuff absolutely gives me shivers 


father:  So what are they going to do? 


son:  Well they’re going to apparently pollute the planet with CO2 gas to create an atmosphere 


father:  huh? 


son:  Well, you know how CO2 gas is creating a thicker atmosphere here, well basically that, but on Mars. So eventually it should create an atmosphere


father:  Wow, that’s literally something out of a film