son:  Hey dad, let's talk about your childhood, I’ve always been curious


father:  You know I was never as good of a kid as you


son:  I know, you’ve always mentioned


father:  I think it was different growing up in a smaller city


son:  Probably, growing up in London is a bit of a weird one


father:  In what way?


son:  I don’t know, you sort of get used to having so many things and people around you


father:  That makes sense, honestly I was always just looking for something to pass the time


son:  Like what?


father:  So there was this one time where I actually blew the roof off of my house


son:  What? I remember this story vaguely!


father:  What happened was I got this science kit of my birthday


son:  The crappy ones you can buy in a toy shop?


father:  Yes! But what I did was I collected the same chemical over and over again from different pharmacies to get enough to make the explosion enormous


son:  … And you blew the roof off of your house?


father:  well, a hole yes - but my parents were so poor, we lived with a hole in our roof for months


son:  what did your parents say?


father:  they were both so angry, but my parents had a lot of love for me I think, so it was fine in the end


son:  was this in winter?


father:  thankfully not, it did get quite cold though at times


father:  you know I do think back to those times very fondly however, they were good times. Life was more simple, but maybe that’s just how it is as a kid no?


son:  yep, I remember everything being so much easier. Remember when I used to wake up and watch cartoons on a saturday and you used to make pancakes?


father:  those were so good!


son:  I remember the smell the most, and the feeling of the warm sun coming through the windows


father:  remember all the plants we used to have?


son:  of course!


father:  it was always important for me to have you grow up around plants


son:  really? Why?


father:  I’m not entirely sure, maybe because I had that when I was younger? you know it was always a struggle for me to accept that you were growing up in a big city like London, with so much at your disposal, including a middle class family


father: like, I had nothing, and you had everything handed to you. I feel as though it was such an integral part of my education to have to fend for myself


son:  yes I know, but honestly I feel as though you just assumed I had to learn that stuff at way too young of an age


father:  what do you mean?


son:  well it’s just I remember when you used to force me to go out and get stuff from the shops when it was dark, or getting something from your motorbike when I was really young. It was scary.


father:  Yeah I know, probably not the best move


son:  Like I know that you wanted me to be more ‘streetwise’ but honestly I was like ten years old, I’m sure it would have come more naturally.


father:  I know, I’m sorry… I do think about these things a lot. I really just didn’t know sometimes


son:  it’s ok, honestly I’m really way over it now


father:  I’m glad


son:  what was your father like to you?


father:  I loved him so much, it was so difficult when I was growing up as I said, we have nothing. My dad tried and tried to make our life better but it was difficult sometimes.


son:  In what sense?


father:  Well, we never really got the holidays you get now, the food, etc…


son:  Yes, but having all this doesn’t make me love you more or less? Surely it would be the same with you and your dad?


father:  Oh yes, completely. I think I even loved him more, or love him more now because I understand the effort he put into making our life better.


son:  He was a communist wasn’t he?


father:  Yes, and I was part of the communist party for a while too, we all grew up as a very socialist family, giving everything we had, even if we needed it. This is something that’s lacking today I think. Your grandpa used to bring home homeless people all the time, it used to drive your grandma insane!


son:  why?


father:  to be honest, you know how caring and giving I am to others, honestly I’m too trustworthy a lot of the time, but I’m sort of on your grandma’s side for this one. There was this one incident…


son:  an incident?


father:  Yeah, so basically grandpa brought this homeless guy home to sleep in our house. Now bare in mind that we basically didn’t even have space for your uncle and I


son:  Yeah…


father:  anyways so we wake up and this guy is gone. Nothing unusual, he’s spent the night and that’s that right?


son:  Yep


father:  Well, we go into the bathroom and the guy literally smeared shit all over the walls. Poor grandpa had to clean it all up…


son:  Oh man… yeah that’s rough, I’m not sure I would have had the courage to clean that up


father:  Trust me, with the wrath of your grandma, he had to have the courage


son:  it’s sad, you know I never really knew grandpa, but yet I still sort of miss him quite a bit, from time to time


father:  well, he was there when you were younger and my god did he love you and your sister


son:  I know, I remember a few things.


father:  Like what?


son:  well, I have really clear memories of Chateau Lignan, where we used to go on holiday sometimes in the south of France


father:  Oh yeah, those were some really good holidays


son:  anyways he would come and visit us sometimes, and bring Lola and I presents and I remember being this snotty stupid kid and never appreciating his gifts


father:  What do you mean?


son:  Well, I mean I would smile and say thank you and be all nice, but inside I would just really remember thinking that they were shit gifts. Like colouring books and pencils etc


father:  Yes, but he was always so out of touch with you guys and literally had no money to spend on you


son:  I know! I know, honestly I have cried about this now. I see how beautiful of a gesture it was now and how amazing of a man he was.


father:  He really was…


son:  I now wear the gold chain that he gifted me once


father:  Wait he gifted you a gold chain?


son:  yeah!


father:  Lucas, do you realise that he probably spent all of what he had for a month on that?


son:  I do, you have no idea, this is the kind of stuff that makes me wish I had had more time to get to know him


father:  Yes, I mean that’s my fault too


son:  Anyways, so he gifted me this thin gold chain with a guitar pendant on it and I recently found it again about a year ago and I never take it off!


father:  No way, yeah I remember seeing that around your neck and taking the piss because you look like a gangster


son:  Well it’s grandpas! I took off the guitar pendant and it never comes off of my neck


father:  That’s really sweet, I bet that he would be so happy to hear that


son:  I hope, honestly I regret a lot of things when it comes to him.


father:  Do you remember when Lola and I bought him his new dog?


son: Oh yes! Well I wasn’t there but I certainly remember the story. He cried didn’t he?


father:  Yes, I mean he was always quite an emotional man, I really respected that in him


son:  Yeah, I think the older I get, the more I respect people that can tap into their emotions


father:  I think we’re both getting better at that


son:  Yeah definitely




CONVERSATION TWO (Found):

father: Did you do it yet?

son: Do what?

father: You know what I’m talking—

son: In a minute, okay?

father: No, son. Now. Please.

son: Why does it have to be this moment?

father: Because I…

son: Nope. You can’t! Remember?

father: Wait…What? Remember what?

son: Probably like…ten years ago. I remember! You sat me down one night. I was probably like seven or ten or something.

father: That math tutor sure was worth it.

son: You said, “Ahem, well, uh…listen son. I want to do things differently…If you ever hear me begin to say ‘Because I said so’ you gotta just slap me and remind me how much I hated hearing it growing up.”

father: That voice…that was supposed to be what I sound like?

son: Seriously though.

father: I am serious. I need you to do it…now. Soon. Your mother will be here any time.

son: And that’s my problem because…

father: C’mon, man. I can’t do this right now. You’re almost a grown man. It’s time to start taking…

son: Care of myself. Yeah. I get it. You and Mom are ready for me to be out.

father: Well, you’ve already finished one year of coll–

son: Save it, Dad! I know!

father: Whoa! What’s with that shit?

son: I’ll do it! I mean…Jesus! Why does it matter so much?

father: It just does. I guess you’ll…

son: Oh shit…lemme guess. understand better when I’m a father?

father: I, uh..wasn’t going to say that.

son: Right.

father: Okay, fine. Just…please do it. Like I said, she’ll be here soon.

son: Have you always been afraid of her?

father: What did you just say?

son: I said, ‘Have you always been afraid of her?’

father: What the fuck, man?

son: Touch a nerve?

father: I’m about to…

son: Hey!

father: College is changing you, son. In ways I didn’t expect.

son: Wait. Come back. Dad!

father: What.

son: I’ m sorry. That was…out of line, I guess.

father: Oh, you guess?

son: It was. I’m sorry.

father: I’m…sorry too.

son: What do you have to be sorry fo?. I deserved it.

father: No. You really didn’t. Not now. Defnitely not when you were younger.

son: I’d…actually disagree. It made me who I am.

father: But you gotta understand, son. It’s not something dads want at the top of their parenting resume.

son: What’s the big deal? You spanked your kids when they acted up. Who doesn’t do that?

father: Well, your mother for one.

son: I meant dads.

father: Well…mine didn’t.

son: But he wasn’t in your life.

father: Uh-huh.

son: Okay. Here’s my thing. I mean, kids are going to test you. Shit, Dad. I just did not two seconds ago. At least when they’re a certain age, you gotta set ‘em straight, right?

father: Can I sit on that thing?

son: What, the bookshelf?

father: No. That?

son: Oh. Sure. Lemme just….here ya go.

father: Thanks. Huh. More comfy than I woulda imagined.

son: We got it worn in this past year, my roommate and I.

father: I’d say so. Wait.

son: What?

father: Um…did you, ya know…with anyone on this?

son: Um…

father: I’ll get a chair.

son: Sorry, Dad.

father: It’s fine. Glad I asked, at least.

son: Why don’t we just go get some coffee.

father: That’d be nice…except you didn’t do what I came in here for in the first place.

son: Shit. Okay. I’m willing to do it.

father: That’s remarkable.

son: Okay, okay. I get it.

father: Do you?

son: Ha! Not really. But I feel guilty now. You know…your back, or whatever.

father: Just don’t be in a rush to get older, son.

son: You kiddin’? I’m never gettin’ old.

father: Don’t let your mother hear you say that.

son: Ugh…she takes everything I say the wrong way.

father: son…she’s a mother. She just cares.

son: I know, Dad. I know. But I’ll bet she only tells you part of the story.

father: Are you suggesting that your mother would not be completely open with me?

son: What? What’s that mean?

father: I was just being a dick.

son: Ha!

father: Okay. I’m gonna get a chair. I’d prefer not to sit on that bed…for obvious reasons. In the meantime, please do it. Begin it. Do something to exhibit you heard her earlier and want to make her happy. She likes that.

son: Being happy?

father: You know what I mean.

son: Okay….Dad! Don’t!!

father: Why’d that happen?

son: I forgot those were there.

father: You couldn’t even finish it?

son: Shit. I forgot I put it down last night.

father: Now we’re both in it. She’s going to get here any second and we’ll be sopping up warm beer off that new carpet.

son: Shit.

father: Dammit! It was one of the imports too!

son: Yeah. Lemme get some cleaning stuff. Didn’t know you liked those fancy beers.

father: I splurge from time to time. Didn’t know you thought it was okay to drink in this house. You forget you’re only nineteen?

son: No. That’s impossible.

father: Well, now we’re both in it. The room’s not clean. There’s beer on that new carpet. She’s going to be triple-pissed. So much for a fun weekend.

son: Dad! Relax!

father: Shit!

son: What’s wrong?

father: Oh, no!!

son: Is it your back?

father: Yeah, son! I’m a grown man crouched on the fucking floor!

son: What can I do?

father: Oh my god! Goddammit!

son: Dad! Relax!

father: Shut up!

son: I mean, don’t let it tense up! Here…sort of fall into this beanbag.

father: But you…

son: Just do it, Dad!

father: I don’t want to think about what’s rubbed up against this fucking thing!

son: Then don’t!

father: She’d better have been worth it is all I’m saying. This is torture.

son: Do you have any…pills or anything you need?

father: In my…I mean…wait. Lemme think. I uh..put them…

son: Dad! Think! Where were you the last time you took them?

father: Yelling at me isn’t going to speed up my memory!

son: Okay! I’m sorry! I’ve just never seen you…

father: Nightstand.

son: What?

father: For God’s sake…I took them a couple nights ago right before I went to sleep. They must be next to my bed.

son: Okay. Just…breathe…

father: I’m not having a baby, son.

son: I mean…relax. I’ll be right back.

father: Check around the floor if they aren’t on there!

son: Dad?

father: Did you find them?

son: Sort of.

father: What? Jesus. Either you did or you didn’t.

son: Well, you were right. They were next to your bed.

father: Gimme two. And some water from your bathroom will be fine.

son: The bottle’s empty.

father: What?!

son: All I found was the empty bottle.

father: How can that be? I just filled it….lemme see…when did we go…

son: It says a refill is allowed but with doctor’s approval.

father: Shit. It’s Saturday.

son: So it can’t be filled until Monday?

father: Fuck it. I’ll just lay here face down in….ugh…whatever’s been on this beanbag until Monday.

son: Wait! I hear Mom.

father: We’re both fucked now.

son: What does that mean?

father: I was kidding. Go get the door for her.

son: Hey, mom! Is that dad’s prescription? When did you get that purse?



CONVERSATION Three (Found):


father:  How are you, son?


son:  I'm OK

father:  Did you hear from Law School?

son:  Yes. I called you, remember?


father:  Yes. Congratulations.

father:  You'll be on the Supreme Court.


son:  I may just chase ambulances.

father:  Fine. How's Raymond?

son:  He's fine. Got into OCS.

father:  Army? That's good.

son:  That's bad.

father:  You haven't mentioned Jennifer.

son:  What is there to say?

father:  But what did you think?


son:  She's absolutely charming.

father:  With her background, to get to Radcliffe is...

son:  Get to the point! - It doesn't concern her, but you.

father:  Your rebellion. And you are rebelling.

son:  I fail...

father:  I fail to see how marrying a brilliant Radcliffe girl constitutes rebellion.


son:  She's not some crazy hippie.

father:  She's not many things.

son:  What irks you most, that she's Catholic or poor?

father:  What attracts you most?


son:  I'm leaving.

father:  Don't go off half-cocked. I would only ask that you wait a bit.

son:  Define "bit".

father:  Finish Law School. If it's real, it'll stand the test of time.

son:  It is real, but why should I put it through a test?

father:  I'm asking you.


son:  You're commanding me!

father:  If you marry her now, I'll not give you the time of day.

son:  Father, you don't know the time of day!



CONVERSATION Four:


father:  You know, I’m really glad that you’re cycling now instead of taking the tube. Not only is it cheaper but you’re getting your exercise in!


son:  Yes I know… You’ve always said this to me, I’m really glad as it’s saving me money but I don’t think I’ll ever really get into cycling as a sport that I want to do


father:  I know, you’ve never really been interested have you?


son:  Not at all, I think it’s because it was such a big part of my life when I was younger because of you that I just got bored of it eventually


father:  I know, that’s sort of my fault.


son:  It’s fine, I mean it was fun for a while, but eventually I just wanted to stay home and watch cartoons you know?


father:  I know, I’m sorry, I feel as though a lot of the stuff I did when you were younger was selfish


son:  No it wasn’t, I mean you couldn’t have known?


father:  It was easier when your sister was born because I already knew what I was doing to a certain extent


son:  Yes, but for me it got harder with you, especially after the divorce really…


father:  How?


son:  Well everything changed and it became very difficult to deal with everything. I mean I felt like I had to suddenly grow up. It wasn’t fair


father:  I know, I think I’ve always known but I never really talked to you about it


son:  It’s ok, it’s in the past now, but honestly it was really difficult.


father:  It was a difficult time for me too, your mum leaving me wasn’t fun in any way


son:  I know that but I was so young and I didn’t really know what was happening


father:  I know I’m sorry


son:  And I didn’t know how to react, who to trust, what to do…


father:  What do you mean who to trust?


son:  Well, I felt like you guys were creating sides in a sense, like as if I had to pick one


father:  I never really felt that way


son:  Really? Are you sure? Because you used to tell me some stuff about mum which was clearly untrue and then I would side with you for a while. It really fucked with my head


father:  Like what?


son:  Well, that she smoked cigarettes, so as I was young and impressionable I saw that as this horrible this and it stressed me out for months thinking she was going to die


father:  Look, I was in a bad place ok? I’m sorry


son:  Yes I know, I guess I’m just brining this up because we’re having this conversation now but I’m not holding any grudges really


father:  Are you sure?


son:  Yeah I think so, I mean I can’t really know what’s going on, deep down in my subconscious but I really don’t think I ever see you badly really


father:  I’m really thankful for that


son:  Yeah, well I mean you still piss me off sometimes


father:  And you still piss me off sometimes!


son:  Do you remember when we used to get into those crazy arguments when I was younger?


father:  I do, when you were about 16?


son:  Yeah damn, we really didn’t get along around that time


father:  Yeah I guess that’s because you were my first experience with raising a teenager. I have thicker skin with your sister now


son:  No dad, I also think it’s because we have clashing personalities


father:  Oh really, in what way?


son:  Well, I mean clashing and similar at the same time actually?


father:  What your obsessive nature?


son:  Yeah my obsessive nature, the way I obsess over everything. How everything needs to be my way, or I sort of internally freak out. I know what I want basically. I also feel like I have slight OCD from you honestly


father:  I don’t have OCD?


son:  Oh man, yes you do. Cleaning the floor twice a day and hoovering at 8am? That’s obsessive compulsive


father:  I just like keeping the house clean


son:  I know you do, and I commend that. It’s taught me to do the same with my place now, but my god it would bother me when I was younger


father:  I know


son:  Like for example the way you’d go nuts if we walked on the floor with our bare feet?


father:  Yeah


son:  I mean it was literally our house, I needed to wear slippers everywhere


father:  That floor was special though, it was some kind of weird white resin that got dirty super fast


son:  Yeah but anyways I don’t think it was just that, I think that a lot of my childhood consisted of just listening to you with my tail between my legs and when I hit sixteen I kind of just wanted to do my own thing


father:  Like any sixteen year old


son:  Yes I know but I mean that’s why we clashed so much, I just didn’t accept most of what you said or wanted me to do anymore


father:  I remember


son:  Just silly stuff, I think I started rebelling against that and just getting angry in general… Like those damn vegetables.


father:  You never liked your vegetables Lucas, come on…


son:  I did, I don’t know what that obsession was with you that I didn’t


father:  What?


son:  It’s almost as if you felt like you wanted to find something that bothered you about me


father:  No not at all, I mean I just wanted the best for your health


son:  Yes but I very clearly ate all the vegetables that were on my plate


father:  Well, what about salad huh?


son:  You know that I just never liked salad, it’s that simple


father:  Or tomatoes?


son:  Yes ok fine, or tomatoes, but I felt like you would literally make those things so that I would not eat them and then you could complain


father:  oh come on, I was never that petty


son:  Fine, but that’s how I felt


father:  Honestly I was just scared for your health, that’s all.


son:  But see! That’s what I mean… I probably ate better than most kids, but you needed me to eat everything otherwise it pissed you off… It’s like the thing with the damn phones!


father:  The phones?


son:  Yeah the phones, you got obsessed with the idea that I was constantly on my phone


father:  But again… you were constantly on your phone weren’t you?


son:  No, I mean sure I was on it a decent amount


father:  Yeah you were


son:  Yeah, but look it was the age I think


father:  It all started with that damn iPod touch that everyone wanted at your age


son:  Oh yeah! Do you remember how much I wanted that thing?


father:  Definitely, Diego got one first didn’t he?


son:  Yep, I was so damn jealous…


father:  But I got you one for christmas that year!


son:  You did, it was such an amazing gift. I remember playing on it for hours


father:  That’s when you started spending so much time on your devices!


son:  Yes, but it was a whole new world for me. To be able to download any games was amazing.


father:  I never really understood that


son:  Understood what?


father:  The whole gaming thing


son:  What do you mean?


father:  What was so attractive about gaming on a small screen?


son:  I don’t know, to be honest I was never allowed a console from you and mum so it was basically my first console.


father:  That’s true! You never got that Nintendo DS that you wanted so badly


son:  Oh man, I never wanted something more in my life… I wanted it more than that tiger toy I ask for Christmas when we were on holiday


father:  Your mum would have been so angry at me if I would have bought you a Nintendo DS


son:  I know. I clearly remember looking at them in shops and imagining all the things I could do and how I could try and buy myself one


father:  That’s cute, I remember wanting things like that as a kid too


son:  Like what?


father:  Well there was bicycle that I wanted more than anything when I was a kid


son:  That’s such a pre-naughties present to want


father:  It really is, no one asks for bicycles anymore


son:  I mean I would definitely want a new bike now


father:  Sure, but when you were a kid all you wanted was mario kart or whatever


son:  True.


father:  Anyways, what I was trying to say was that I was obsessed with my phone for a while, because it was so exciting to me when I first got one.


son:  I know


father:  Yes, but then that interest died off after a year and you kept pestering my every single time I got a text


son:  Well yes, because you would literally get a text every single second of the day


father:  See, that’s not true. I would get a text and even if I didn’t look at it you would get annoyed that I got that text for some reason


son:  Ok, maybe we were a bit overbearing with all that technology stuff.


father:  I do remember however the first ipod you and mum got me!


son:  Really?


father:  Yes it was this tiny one and it was for my birthday. You told me you had a surprise and we took the bus to this shopping centre where you let me pick one out


son:  Oh yes, of course - I remember that! You were so damn happy


father:  I really was, especially because I was only starting to get into music back then and it was the new cool thing to do


son:  What have an ipod?


father:  Yeah, I guess, but like collect music, be an angsty rock kid etc


son:  I remember that stage, your damn black skinny jeans


father:  Not too sure what was going on there in that phase of my life.


son:  I remember you saying that you’d never wear anything else than black skinny jeans


father:  I truly believed that though


son:  Well look at you now! No skinny jeans…


father:  Thank goodness for that huh?


son:  But I clearly remember really wanting to be angsty and grunge, when truthfully that just wasn’t me


father:  Every kid goes through that, yours wasn’t too bad


son:  Did you go through that?


father:  I’m not too sure, I mean I remember wanting to be like my brother but I’m not too sure if there was a certain ‘group’ I wanted to belong to


son:  I’m not sure if I was trying to belong to a certain group, I think my friends did and I just wanted to be like them I guess


father:  Which friends?


son:  Like PJ and Max. They were so into their music, they loved playing guitar etc


father:  Oh yeah, that was about the time where you had asked for a guitar and I got you one but you never played it, not even once?


son:  Sounds about right…


father:  It was such a beautiful electric guitar too. Did you ever even take a lesson?


son:  I don't think so


father:  Such a shame!


son:  I know, I do regret it.


father:  You were never too good at the cello though


son:  That’s true, but I really hated it, plus I was forced to play it at school


father:  I think you were too young to appreciate it


son:  Probably yes.  I do also regret not getting into skateboarding really


father:  No you were good! I remember


son:  That’s not true, that’s just the father in you talking. I couldn’t do any tricks!


father:  We got you some lessons though?


son:  Yes, but I don’t know, it’s just one of those hundreds of things I thought I would love doing and then ended up getting bored of…


father:  You never got bored of your computer though!


son:  Yes I know… I was a bit of a geeky kid, literally the opposite of you


father:  No! I didn’t mean it like that, I’m so proud of you. You always help me with my computer and you’re all self taught!


son:  I mean yes, but most people of my generation know how to use a computer correctly


father:  I know, but I’m still proud of you


son:  Thanks dad


CONVERSATION FIVE (FOUND):


father:  Often we'd sit and have nothing to discuss and it's only actually after he's passed away that I then think of those points that I'd like to question him about or perhaps discuss with him. I'm not that good at small talk. Well I find that in certain social situations and I think you've observed it particularly when I'm among other Nigerians. Then I suppose a different part of my character emerges that is actually looking back to a time in my life when --


son:  From your school period?


father:  Yeah and I wouldn't normally talk about things like I suppose experiences…


son:   With grandpa is there stuff that you wish you spoke to to him about then?


father:  Yes quite a lot. At the time I wouldn't really know what to talk about.


son:  I was just surprised to hear you say that there was stuff you needed to talk about, you know? because in my opinion it was quite hard to try and get conversation from him.


father:  I mean it's interesting that you say that as well that it was it was difficult to get him to... to converse.


son:  Yeah


father:  And if you actually got him on a subject that he enjoyed then he would talk at length on other things he wouldn't talk very much. So whereas your grandmother it's different. She likes to talk and I don't think she'd mind


son:  Both of them to be fair


father:  Yes and she would like to have had the same degree of I suppose interaction from a conversation point of view but then I suppose that's one of the differences between men and women as well.


son:  I think it probably didn't help him in the long scheme of things as they're married and as they get closer, Grandma became more of the spokesperson of the couple which probably led to a less communicative grandpa, but with grandma as well especially now that she's on her own she's more isolated. We should probably make more of an effort. I mean not that we shouldn't have made more of an effort with grandpa but with grandma being on her own I don't want her to be sort of cut off in in sense




CONVERSATION SIX (FOUND):



father:  And you know sometimes if I don’t raise my voice, I just don't get listened to. And then it turns into usually if I don't raise my voice and then eventually turns into if I never raise my voice I never get heard.


son:  Most of the time when you don't shout, we hear you but people do choose to ignore you.


father:  Oh that's even worse. So you listen to me then choose not to do things


son:  I rarely do that.. Maybe


father:  So it’s casually ignoring, deliberately ignoring me...


son:  What's your favorite part about mum.


father:  Your mum -  she's just great. My best friend and the person I can tell anything to and the person I share a life with.


son:  So, you would tell her that you accidentally killed someone if you accidentally killed someone?


father:  If I accidentally killed someone, I feel as though I might not tell mummy.


son:  You just said you tell her anything


father:  OK. Yeah. OK.


son:  There's always things that you may not want to share like...


father:  Like what you’re getting her for Christmas?


son:  Oh that is a perfect example. You don't share what you get people Christmas. She finds that on Christmas Day. As I haven’t actually killed someone, that I am aware of, I would not share that with her.


father:  Why did I even ask you that?.


son:  I don't know.


father:  Have you ever killed someone?


son:  No. Worst thing I ever did was accidentally throw a rock someone's head in reception


father: I threw a rock at my sister head and she had a little scar above her eyebrow. Whoops. Grandma was not happy.


son:  What did she do to you?


father:  I got told off but never got any more than told off. I was given the “you've dented your sister's head” look


son:  Yeah. You must have a similar look from mummy at times.


father:  You do that look nearly every day.


son:  I may use that look quite often…



CONVERSAION NEW:



son:  Villa Zola?


father:  Yes


son:  I thought you had another name for it no?


father:  Well we called it Villa Paradou, but it was already taken. 


son:  What taken by someone around there? 


father:  Yeah, yeah... twice! 


son:  Really? 


father:  Yeah. Paradou is a famous name


son:  I know but I didn't realise to that degree. Are you still going to name the garden Paradou? 


father:  Maybe yeah. 


son:  We could name the garden 'Le Paradou'. I thought that was the idea, because I thought you were going to scape the garden as a paradise sort of thing 


father:  Yeah yeah


son:  So what's 'paradou' again? It's paradise right? 


father:  Yes 


son:  But in a book? 


father:  Yes, but maybe in another dialect


son:  Oh I thought it was a fictional name 


father:  I don't know, probably. It could be a fictional name as well 


son:  How did you find out that there were another two villas? 


father:  We went to the internet, we wanted to register the company and we realised that it was already taken.


son:  Oh


father:  And it's taken by a place in Czech Republic as well - there's quite a lot 


son:  But surely you can change it slight? 


father:  I mean we could have but if people had looked us up, as it is around here it wouldn't have been a good idea


son:  Oh yeah


father:  But I quite like 'Villa Zola' 


son:  Villa Zola


father:  And there is a reason, because in Zola there is Paradou... There's a bit of a story there that we can use 


son:  I guess yeah. I mean Villa Zola, it kind of rolls of the tongue, it's nice


father:  Well that's good! 


son:  Yeah yeah


father:  Zola - It might be difficult for Japanese people, they'll say Villa 'Zora' 


son:  :  Steven's family is Chinese


father:  :  Who? 


son:  :  You know, Steven my housemate


father:  :  Oh yeah


son:  :  We were staying at his house in Paris


father:  :  Are they Chinese?


son:  :  Yeah yeah, well Chinese and Vietnamese, but Steven has always lived in Paris or London, so he's not really Chinese I guess.


father:  :  But the parents speak Vietnamese? 


son:  :  Well the mum is single but the grandparents mostly speak Chinese. So we got there and it was culturally so strange. 


father:  :  I'm sure


son:  :  They had fish tanks and the grandmother cooks for like three hours and she just feeds you and feeds you


father:  :  Oh gosh


son:  But it was amazing 


father:  Yeah? Lucky you!


son:  It was so good, but yeah the grandmother is essentially there to serve basically, she was a really lovely lady, Chloe and I bought her flowers


father:   Chloe was there as well? 


son:  Yeah - me, Chloe and Steven. 


father:  Why didn't you invite Chloe and Steven here? 


son:  I know I know! This is what we were talking about afterwards, because I didn't realise. I booked Paris and them realised Lola was coming at the same time as me to Nice. I thought that it was the perfect time to come. However by that time the others had booked to go back to their home countries.


father:  Ahh well, next time? 


son:  Yeah! But we wouldn't have had the space anyways, no? 


father:  Yeah, there's always space! 


son:  Yeah? 


father:  Always! 


son:  They would have loved to! 


father:  You think? 


son:  Yes, they'll come next time for sure… but yeah, so she just made us eat all the time.


father:  Next time we'll have an extra bedroom as well and in the living room there will be a sofa bed. 


son:  Oh really? 


father:  Yeah and in Yoko's office there is a sofa bed as well.


son:  Oh really? 


father:  Yeah yeah


son:  Are you going to remove one of the sofas in the living room then? 


father:  No, no - no the living room downstairs, in the flat 


son:  Oh 


father:  We're buying a sofa bed 


son:  A double sofa bed? 


father:  Yes 


son:  What was I saying? Oh yeah so it was super weird, I don't mean weird - it was wonderful to stay there, it was just so strange and it was in Montreuil, so relatively far out. and they have this massive house!


father:  Oh yeah? 


son:  With like a hangar attached to it


father:  A hangar?


son:  Yeah like a plane hangar, kind of thing


father:  I don't understand what a hangar is


son:  Like a hangar - h, a, n, g, a, r 


father:  Hangar! 


son:  Yeah


father:  But that's not an English word? 


son:  It is, it is


father:  Really? 


son:  Yeah, like plane hangars, like basically a big warehouse kind of thing 


father:  Oh! 


son:  And they've got a huge one attached to their house 


father:  Wow


son:  Like in Paris! So basically the grandpa, when he came from China, he started a bunch of businesses and made some money and bought the house and the hangar. He's sort of just hoarded all of it and doesn't want anyone to touch it or to sell it. So he just has rows of sewing machines, random machines, rows of t-shirts, of cigarette packets. 


father:  What does he do with all this stuff then? 


son:  Nothing! Nothing!


father:  But why has he got that? 


son:  Because it's just like, a bunch of businesses he used to have


father:  Ah yes yes


son:  Failed businesses... He was the kind of guy that would go to the market and like flip a thousand cigarettes that he bought for a good price you know? He owned two restaurants at one point too... It's just so ridiculously big and it's two stories! He doesn't even want to build on it.


father:  Gosh


son:  And Steven's mum is thinking that she's sitting on a gold mine and it really annoys her


father:  Yes definitely.


son:  They've got millions there! And he just doesn't want anyone to touch it


father:  How old is he? 


son:  He must be very old. I didn't actually meet him, he was away actually. I'm thinking that because Steven's mum is in property, it must be so frustrating for her 


father:  Yeah yeah of course 


son:  But the are is quite up and coming and they've just installed the Boris bike equivalent in front of the house, which means that they want it to be more connected to the city. 


father:  That's good! 


son:  Yeah it is, but they're really sitting on millions 


father:  Yeah, yeah. Well, his mum will have it soon


son: Yeah I guess, bit of a harsh way to put it though


father: To develop it! 


son:  But I think it should be flats honestly. I should have taken a picture for you. There's a huge courtyard in the middle. 


Father: And their house is very Chinese? 


Son: Very


father:  Like red carpets and things like that? 


son:  There's no carpets


father:  Lampoons, red lights? 


son:  I mean they have whale skins


father:  Whale skins? 


son:  Yes, because when you get get married in China, you traditionally get gifted whale skin. 


father:  Really? 


son:  And so you keep it. His grandmother has kept this whale skin for like sixty years of something 


father:  I didn't know that! 


son:  They also have some kind of shrine with pictures and they put oranges there and they constantly light candles 


father:  What type of religion are they? 


son:  I'm not sure because Steven is not religious so I wouldn't know 


father:  It's uh


son:  Buddhist? 


father:  Yeah Buddhist I'm sure


son:  I think so, maybe, I don't know. They have an industrial kitchen as well! Like metal worktops etc


father:  Did you have your own bedroom? 


son:  No - Steven, Chloe and I shared a bedroom, but we all had pullout beds so it was nice. I slept very well. Anyways where are we going to dinner tomorrow? 


father:  We can't because Martha is coming


 son:  We can't go to dinner? 


father:  Sorry? 


son:  What time is Martha coming? 


father:  I don't know but I need to go pick her up at the airport 


son:  I'll come with you 


father:  No, no... You need to work


son:  Yeah but it will give us some good time to have a conversation 


father:  Oh yeah, yeah, are you taping this? 


son:  Oh that's why you're speaking English


father: No, I was just answering you in the same language 


son:  I thought you were making an effort. So the more you speak the better 


father:  Oh ok


son:  So the way it works is that, so I record this audio 


father:  yeah? 


son:  and then I have a program that transcribes it to text, so it will be able to tell who you are and who I am


father:  and you've done that yourself? 


son:  No, no, that's way too difficult. This exists, it's like a paying program. It's used by journalists and stuff. So I'm sure Yoko has used it before. In fact she might have a version that I can use


father:  Oh yes, of course 


son:  And so, then it transcribes it to text and then each sentence in the conversation it has to be laid out like a play. So, the son talks, then the father talks, then the son talks, etc. The artificial intelligence that is being built for me will then read it and know when the father is talking and when the son is talking. It will then be able to learn and understand what a conversation between and son and father is. It needs twenty-thousand sentences to learn however.


father:  What?! That's insane! Well, to be honest now that I think of it, it goes quite quickly no?

son:  No, No... I thought it would but it really doesn't 

father:  Really? 

son:  Like I found a lot of archived BBC material

father:  Oh that's great for the project! 












Colin and Marc - 1.mp3


Son: Well I was nervous to start with, I mean obviously it's changed from everything that has been there for now up and it's been kind of like having machines built and watered until you saw the door you were it's all holding Lucy back. And I thought yes a dog wicked but then I mean to be fair the first day you you were quiet but you generally are... it kind of put me at ease because usually with like everything that I'd experience, there was always a bloke shouting or screaming fucking always taking control whereas you were relaxed and laid back - different to what I had experienced so that actually put me at ease enough to make me feel more comfortable instantly.


father:  Well when you first came here I mean through the door on the very first day, firstly, what it was is that we wasn't actually warned that you was coming. What it was that we was told that the social worker was coming round just to discuss with us about you coming and when I seen you come through the door I looked and I thought Well social workers are getting younger and younger. And you came up the stairs and it was obviously you and your sister here together and the very first impressions that I got was that your sister was out of her depth and and quite a bit frightened and that you'd sort of step forward as as the as the as the the big brother. And you was going to take on this responsibility of coming here and making sure that everything was okay for you and your sister. So I'm a bit protective towards your sister. I think after a while because it was obviously new to us as well and we were sort of you know trying to feel our way with it and it was just an hour or so after the first meeting. And I think after a while you did sort of relax when you maybe I don't know what you thought maybe that that's that was gonna be some sort of prison but obviously it's just a family. Normal family and I felt that you sort of relaxed then you felt well maybe you know it's not going to be too bad for us after all.


son:  Well I did feel that I mean after the first few first few weeks and first few months obviously we settled and we met the wider family members of yours and Angela's family and within a year or so we were like family - I mean I still talk to Brendan Now he's like a cousin to me I mean we're really close and God with all your daughters I mean God we're both for you too I mean you're like the dad I never had and Angela is like a second mom to me so it's like is really the family thing it's not like other people see it like "oh they're outsiders', stick them in a different room or we're not going to talk to them or whatever. It's like I know if I need anything I can come to you two and I know that you'll do anything you can to help me because it is like family.


father:  Well after the first interview that you... Well interview is not really the right word to use but the first meeting that we had. And you went back and obviously spoke to the social worker because you'd still got a choice about it then and obviously you chose to come here and give it a go. I mean what I mean Angela was acutely aware of that it must be extremely difficult you know to move away from everything that you knew up to that date in your life really.  Your family and it was your mother And to move away and coming to a different environment, a different location and another family really. We sort of tried really to put you at ease to make you feel at home to the best of our ability you know, but that road  had its ups and downs with it and you can't do that overnight because it is, well I felt it was sort of difficult to sort of adjust to a different family a different location. So really we sort of started to go down that road towards making you as you know as comfortable and as happy as possible. I mean it wasn't always easy because you know you were leaving your mom and you've got a strong relationship with your mom.


Son: Well, didn't.


father:  Well you know your mom had got to a point that she couldn't cope anymore and what happened was, I mean because mom became part of the family as well didn't she.


Son: Yeah.


father:  You know I mean your mom used to come here and I think that that was everybody didn't look on it as you... your mom didn't look at it as though somebody else were taking over her children. She looked at that it in the way that she knew she couldn't cope. But she also would checked out where you were and was making sure that you were okay and because of the work together with your mom and with us and that that also made you feel comfortable because you didn't have to make any choices between your mum or us. It was more than enhancing what you've already got and what's the state now is that you're close to your mum, to us and nobody feels threatened in any way as to who you know well sometimes when kids come into care they have to make a choice and it's very difficult for them because they are born with parents but the parents don't like that that bonding. So they'll try and disrupt it, but Mark's mum didn't do that. And I think that helped an awful lot. At what stage were you at when you arrived here?


Son: Well it was kind of like I didn't really have, well I kind of had a relationship with my mum. But, it wasn't that strong and I was kind of in a place where I resented my mum for all the moves and all the things that happened and I was angry at everyone for really my own reasons. I mean my anger was tied to my mom but really I directed it everywhere. I wasn't channeling it because there was just too much channel. And going back on that it was kind of like everything that was familiar to me was the anger, the pain and the stress and then coming here and the pain and the stress were gone really quickly I mean, the anger stayed. I mean obviously we worked through that over the last couple years but other than that a lot of things calmed down and actually I did get a stronger relationship with my mom because of you and Angela and it was like having that stability there to help me to do that which you provided. 


father:  Mm hmm. Well that's what that's what we realised when you came here I mean that your mom had cared for you up to this stage, however there were some issues there back in the past which is the reason that you came into care but in a sense your mom was a sort of victim for many reasons and that we really felt that we needed to bring your mother in to keep her into the relationship that you got with me and Angela and keep your family together.


Son: And she she came in and she got on really well with Angela. I mean she got on with you as well I mean when we went for contact  it wasn't just like "there you go the kids" or "there's the budget" or whatever it was like "how is everything going" "how are things with you?" - it was a conversation it wasn't just like two people just given the kids over giving whatever over, it was like a little conversation and it was just like dropping us off to see a family member it was like dropping us off to go see a nan or something. Well really it was my mum, but other than that it was just so easy.


father:  I mean I feel that she didn't desert you in any way shape or form. I mean I think that she did what she felt was best for you at that time which must have been very very difficult for her very difficult and she sort of worked with us as an extended family group and kept contact with you both, you and your sister and she sort of gave permission really for you to attach to us. She didn't make it difficult for us and that helped us to no end. And it's it's helped you as well I think.


Son: It helped you helped me in a way because if she had been there, kind of saying conflicting things I would have been conflicted I would have been kind of confused but she was well every time we were talking about you and Angela too or when we went see her she was joining the conversation. She was actually saying to us "I'm so glad I made that decision because you got things now and you're doing things now that I could never have given you you've, got the chance to do things that you really wanted to do, things that you dreamed about doing and staying with me you would have never been able to do" so with that she was the one saying to us "it's the best decision that we could have made for you".


father:  I think it was the best decision she could have made for you and I think in a sense whats happened now is that as you've got older she's still your family, she's still your mother. You only get one mother in this life and you've still got contact with her, you still go back to visit her. That that is a good thing. Absolutely beyond a shadow of a doubt. That is a good thing because you've you've got us as family but you've also got your mum as family - your birth mother. And like I say in truth you only get one.
